100 % They'll also downvote you for beating the desk trying to get them to embrace red days . It's all kids in this group . $ 25 FY25 in EPS was my base case for this company , it's significantly higher now . If you want to be making the gains you see on all these threads , you need to understand not only the charts , but also the company .
Classic signs of uninformed ‘ investors . ’
I bought NVIDIA in the 90 ' s when it dipped . Red days are clearance sales .
I ’ m still buying . NVDA is buying me a beach house . It might not be smooth sailing , there might be some rough earning reports , but I believe in this . And I ’ m gonna have my beach house .
Hahhaah soo true ... when nvidia was dipping consistently people were like sell off sell off ! AI stock market is just a bubble ... and now they are like can I buy it at 134 ?
Hella naw am I buying at $ 108.92 . I double up at $ 105 🤣
I bought NVDA at $ 132 , I also bought it at $ 92.80 . BIG BREAD COMING IN
Hahaha 😂 🤣 😂 🤣
I've learned Reddit is a difficult platform to have real conversations about finance on . So many trolls , finance bros , and assholes completely ruin it . So many people said not to buy into Nvidia when it was low and to not expect it to go up . I ignored them and made a great profit . Read up on what you can , and merry common sense with using your gut . That's what I've been doing .
someone photoshop the clown makeup on him
Might as well as embrace them instead of make fun of them . They help drive the price in both directions in your favor lol
+ $ 5k in the past week 👍
I think that ’ s a high percentage of us retail traders
🤣
The top post should have a bull on it and the bottom a bear because thats when they are active posting .
Another group , NVIDIA at $ 200 by next year .
I feel seen
Meanwhile my avg is 52 bucks .. and I bought heavily just before the split which brought that up .
I wanted to buy so much . It was so obvious free money . But I'm still recovering from that crash
I figured why not and got a few shares with my play money at 107 $ and people down voted me :( . Now i just gotta time my release
Quiet , without them we'd be making no money . I need more people buying hypes and dumping lows .
I sold at 120 and then I dropped to 100 and I rebought , it dropped for there to 94 and I bought again . And now it ’ s up to 127ish and I ’ m sooooooo happy haha
I just wish my paycheck had been in :( i bought at around 114 but then it got to 98 and i had no more money to put in
But whats up with the volatility yo ? ? ?
I know !
Im a full fledged WSB member and trust me we all bought the dip . Total 🤡 meme
There is always another dip . No biggie .
I got in at 99.70 so happy I didn't wait for 90
I bought the dip today . I ’ ve bought shares in NVDA every day the past 3 months . I ’ m still going strong . NVDA today and NVDA long .
I'm in it to WIN it ... always hold for more than 366 days to get the best tax rates
this sub is WSB with shares instead of options
Low 90s
I did buy 12/24 $ 105 Calls when the stock was at $ 105 and again at $ 98 . I unloaded them on the move above $ 130 . Already have a full boat of long shares and didn ’ t want you to go more overweight . Hoping for another chance to add the calls with another move lower
Dead on
I'm going out on a limb here , but I think after the earnings report we will all be very happy and a bit wealthier .
I made the mistake and bought at $ 122 , I'm still holding though
I bought when it was like 107ish during the drop . Everyone here was telling me shouldve waited it to drop to like 80 or 90 . Althought it did drop into the 90s but barely for few hours . Ya i wouldve totally missed . Shows how much people here knows .
I want to buy so badly … but I want to diversify my portfolio since my NVDA shares are pretty much doing all the work
👅 😂 😂 😂
Realest shit ever
the lol is on him , 108 would be the price to buy :D
Didn't it get as low as the 90s ?
lol , my bank account hated me on the dip . Every red day I was buying more stocks !
Lmaoo . I panic bought every single dip . I just kept buying like an idiot on Black Friday
LMFAO . I remember all those people that bought in at $ 120 and then when it dipped more they passed at $ 108 waiting for a $ 102 dip and then it shot up again
Classic Post ! ! !
I grabbed it at 101 a couple weeks ago
I'm laughting at those that sold at a loss . Thats what being dumb gets you . If you look at the financials of Nvdia , it is super obvious they will be doing well in the next few years . Demand for AI is also increasing , and big tech companies are buying a lot from Nvdia . Its just too obvious . You have to be really dumb to think Nvdia will crash anytime soon . Yes , the whole market can crash , but with those financials Nvdia will easilly recover from a market crash .
Me wanting it to dip again before the earnings report so I can buy more . Holding off at $ 130 but I might bite the bullet and buy anyways if it doesn ’ t dip prior to the quarterly
Yup this is exactly how 24 year olds with $ 5k portfolios act ahahha
God that ’ s the fucking truth . So many people in this sub are fucking morons . I hate all the new people who migrated in this sub spewing their horseshit about how Nvidia was headed to $ 75 and $ 85 and all that shit . These kids don ’ t have the intelligence nor the attention span to thoroughly research a company , let alone correctly invest .
Mostly new comers . Before this stock got really popular it was all OG members going super long . I ’ m talking like covid and pre covid days . Back when chatgpt wasn ’ t even released
As a kid speaking . It is all kids
They bet NVDA to tank bc they are stacking cash waiting to buy in at $ 75 .
Is there another sub where it ’ s like the old days ? I ’ m tired of seeing the same questions being asked if they should buy or sell .
It ’ s always the same people that say shit like “ I ’ ll buy when it ’ s $ 30 ” on red days that will then say “ why didn ’ t I buy when it was $ 90 ? ” on Green Days
Exactly . People were actually posting " I'll buy in when it drops to $ 80 . " When it was at $ 90 , that was basically a fire sale . Anyone that didn't throw whatever disposable savings into it missed out on easy gains .
Same got a bunch more shares at 95
So did investment firms that hadn't bought in yet
Same
Dream on
This is a hard mindset to break for some reason , lots of people fall prey to it . I wonder how many of my share purchases on the latest dip were a result of people panic selling ?
No the real issue is everyone here is a retail investor and a good portion of them came in on meme stock trends then seriously tried investing but have a lot of expensive lessons to learn . It's even worse considering nvidia is a bandwagon stock . Im saying this as a retail investor who doesn't hold nvidia but do have a semi conductor index fund which is largely made up of nvidia
I wonder sometimes if the panic posts I see here and elsewhere are just buyers trying to get the price to go down more . Guarantee that is what those doomer articles from investments websites are aiming to do a lot of the time .
It was no mistake . You never know what the future might hold , especially for Nvidia . Buying at any time , that isn't all time high is alright . You still already made more profit than most of the ETFs would have given you for a whole year .
You ’ re still in profit no ?
Hard to know where the bottom will be on the way down so if I'm convinced it's headed that way I just buy in chunks , day by day . I don't capitalize on buying a huge portion at the rock bottom price , but I also am not kicking myself for buying too much too early and running out of cash while the price continues to drop .
If there's a recession it could go a lot lower .
I bought more at 92.44 that position is currently up 40.49 %
If nvda is doing good in your portfolio just keep buying it then
I ’ ve read comments where someone is freaking out because they ’ re down temporarily , only to find out they own like 30 shares . 🤦‍♂ ️
The best thing is they lose all their money and give it to me 💰 💰
Truthfully no one knows what will happen with the stock price , it is very much sentiment driven no matter how well NVDA as a company does . It very much should be valued around where it is now but if MSFT / GOOG / TSLA had announced during their earnings that they were cutting CapEx spend , NVDA would straight tank . NVDA positioned itself at the top of this AI wave so if the wave is in danger then NVDA is too . I don't think it's very likely but it's certainly within the realms of possibility , more than like saying AAPL will fall to 100 .
there were also the same types in here like total yahoos thinking it would go to 200 in a week , telling everyone to hodl , spewing buffet's greedy when theyre fearful shit they just read about an hour before .
I'm a 2018 holder that got laughed at for calling it a $ 1T company then . Now you get downvoted for saying it's a $ 10T in 2030 while it actually being a $ 3T company in the present . You try and help people eh .
that aint this group , bud
I just like the stock though . No real DD . I play computer games , and always used NVIDIA GPU's and the stock was popular when I started investing , so I just started buying . I buy more whenever I can . I am flat broke , and I just wanna start building something for myself .
Keep waking to an alarm clock at 5am . ✌🏻
Off question that I know is rudimentary and incredibly foolish , is there a way / how do you calculate how many shares need to be sold to drop the stock by x % ?
If they were to sell right now , yes . Not much of a mistake but not as big of a profit .
If a meteor hits the planet we might die
It's about the percentage of portfolio . 30 shares can be 100 % of their life savings and their entire portfolio , so being down 30 % feels way worse than someone with 3000 shares , but it's only 10 % of their portfolio , so 30 % down is only a 3 % down on the portfolio , not great but who freaks out over 3 % ?
More like 3 sometimes . From selling their Xbox a couple of games
I feel attacked 😂 But I'm just starting my journey so baby steps
This isn't the poker table .
In the short , it's a voting machine , in the long its a weighing machine . This is EXACTLY the same sentiment what was levelled at me in 2018 when I stated my thesis that NVDA would be a $ 1T company . That ' Intels data centre ' moat ' is impenetrable and they weren't going to beat them with their little gaming chips . There is no demand drop off 2 years out , and increasingly moving into a third .
Yeah , except in the prior quarters all the tech companies said they would ramp up spending ? What the fuck is this pitiful analysis .
Would you buy nvdl , leveraged 2x ?
Dude for freaking real ! I bought in 2016-2017 and my Nvidia average is $ 4.86 and I wrote a paper in one of my college classes back then saying Nvidia would be the worlds most valuable company if the things Jensen said and believed in actually started to come true . My professor probably thought I was mentally disabled for that paper because they weren ’ t even close to a 1T company back then let alone 3T 😂
Yeah me too , also have an Nvidia graphics card in my PC
No way . Me too
You ’ re making huge assumptions with this
Intel really got blindsided by AMD . Intel should have done higher core countes earlier .
I have many times . I use it along with options to build on my position now .
Do you like 2x loss plus fees ?
Everytime I see it
Yeah yeah , sink all your money in it
I ’ ve bought a GT 710 , 960 , 1080TI , 3080 and a 4090 now . Nvidia is a beast of a company and I love their products
Pray tell
Exactly , but they - and their investors - were complacent . They lacked innovation and then failed on a technical level too . They engaged in bad business practices trying to suppress AMD fo which they had to settle out of court with AMD and the FTC . They then passed up the opportunity to invest in OpenAI and are being destroyed by TSM now too .
30 shares could be 10 % of ones portfolio , and the 3000 share person might be in 100 % .
Many such cases !
You're just reiterating my point
AI is good at pattern recognition and inferencing from large datasets . Once it's been trained / refined , cancer detection is one of the more , at this point and time , practical applications .
My horny ass can ’ t even be on the nvda subreddit
If one depends on aI to diagnose one must know the relative false negatives and false positives To determine the real utility of the tool
Yeah all of us get it . The trouble is lots of investors and regards still don ’ t get it and still aren ’ t aware just how revolutionary a company NVDA is . NVDA long . 200 and beyond
amazing , didn ’ t realize it was being used in cancer detection . edit , this was cross posted to radiology subreddit , and they are saying currently it ’ s not currently being used for imaging .
A surprisingly easy wank
At first glance i thought it was a nut sack
While this " looks important " , it's actually almost irrelevant to nvidia's real business now , which is LLMs . Jensen loves to talk about non-gen AI usecases to pretend he has a diversified client-base , but it's not the case .
Booooobies
… and this is why I also have money in Monogram Technologies ( MGRM ) … AI robotic orthopedic surgery development company .
You idiots this has nothing to do with Nvdia . Once you all crawl out of Jenson's ass , may wanna watch Google I / O 2018 onwards . They have demonstrated this so many times , their own TPU and AI model is helping radiologist and dermatologist to detect various skin and cancer related conditions .
And radiographers need to find a new job .
Exactly why I invest in ICAD
[ deleted ]
Cs ?
Why you call it AI ?
This is amazing ! Hopefully AI can improve peoples health .
I work in biotech . We are using it in cell culture in IHC and even in finding micro organisms sirnas to silence disease mutations . It is the future .
Goodbye radiologists .
even a medical student will flag that as suspicious also , you cannot " diagnose " breast cancers with mammograms alone . its a screening tool
What a nicely shaped boob
This doesn't make a lot of sense . Cancer is either there or not . To remove a cancer 5 years before it develops would mean you kill the person , just to be sure they don't develop cancer ...
Not again … “ unzips ”
Where is the source for this photo / fact please ?
I ’ d be a little nervous as a radiologist right now . Your job is going to be done better by an NVDA chip within a couple of years .
Parasites .
the question will be how will a patient with an AI report get a surgeon to perform surgery . " You can't see it doctor , but the AI says there's cancer there . Let's schedule an operation to remove my left breast . " there is massive friction currently . hell , sometimes they won't operate even if they can see it and make you wait 6 months to see if the mass has changed .
Damn , how did AI detect something five years before AI was developed ? O wait
80085
all for saving titties calls on nvidia
I ’ m dating a radiologist , she said her job isn ’ t going away because of AI
This is old news . I just read an article where a robot used AI to perform dental surgery independent of any human surgeon . https://www.oralhealthgroup.com/oral-health/us-based-ai-company-says-it-completes-worlds-first-fully-automated-dental-procedure-1003980346/
AI definitely is the future . Last time I visited my family doctor after a blood work he told me my kidney number is not good . When I checked my kidney number I found that the number was going down for the last three blood work . The number just didn ’ t hit the line . I don ’ t think my family doctor actually looked trends on parameters of my blood work . I don ’ t know if I should blame him since there are quite a few parameters . If it were AI it should detect the trend before the number hit the line . I would have been forewarned . I actually think family doctors should be replaced by AI . I don ’ t think there is anything a family doctor does can ’ t be done by AI . Another profession should be replaced by AI is the pharmacist .
I believe it will be implemented into everything Like military agriculture infrastructure logistics weather ... And much more .
I ’ m a believer in NVDA but this is stupid . I ’ m a radiology resident and I ’ ve read many mammograms and they all have Computer Assisted Detection as a feature . It looks like a 3 year old ’ s attempt at coloring . If we biopsied every AI suggested abnormality women would be having negative bilateral breast biopsies every 3-6 months , needless MRIs , and anxiety for the rest of their lives . Not to mention the expense . This one post does not demonstrate why AI is the future ; it actually is a big misrepresentation of real world application .
I was in this medical field for over 10 years , this tech has been there many years . Not a recent tech
Seems like it ’ s the present
Absolutely incredible
Huge impact on the cost of healthcare
Excuse me while I numb your breast . Numb , numb , numb .
Hey Peter ! Check out channel 5 !
We're gonna be rich boys ... ! ! !
This technology been priced in for like 5 + years … , ML models like this exists way before the current gen of LLM ’ s . 1 NVDA GPU ’ s can easily train a model like this . The challenge of making this type of prediction at scale accurately is limited data because medical info is scattered and private . Any “ news ” you can find has already been priced in .
Did you buy at $ 140 ?
Amazing stuff . Excited for the future of AI in med tech , especially if it's just an affordable quick routine scan
Things like this will probably run on specific chips which are superior to Nvidia because they are made for specific tasks .
Wtf dude ☠ ️ 😂 😂 😂
Guys ... stats say ... 13 % of women ( 1 in every 8) will get breast cancer ... wives , mothers , daughters , sisters . This is absolutely a game changer given early detection is critical and if AI did nothing else than this it would be a win .
＄ nnox
You can use AI for anything
That ’ s incredible
This is completely false
I don't think it's reliable enough yet to trust with medical diagnosis . Especially when you can't with 100 % certainty be sure what it's basing its results on .
As cool as it is , where are the other 50 false positive photos ?
And how many false positives ? Or false negatives ? Classic r / NVDA_stock where delusional perma bulls believe everything positive they see lol
Im a radiologist and we actually use this tool alot in breast imaging . I will say this post makes it seem more robust than it actually is though . This example isn ’ t a great one . Based on the image posted , I think alot of human breast radiologists would ’ ve made that same call . Looks like just 1 tiny spec on the first image but it must have persisted in multiple other views and caused some subtle architecture changes . Also , for every 1 of these , the AI gets several wrong . Im not saying it would never get there , but if you were to replace breast radiologists with AI right now , youd have alot of people getting invasive procedures done on healthy normal breasts .
Bullshit . It ’ s a before and after study with the red boxes added afterward . AIn ’ t shit predicting shit .
your wording sound like you just rubbed one out
My pattern recognition is inferencing that “ at this point and time ” makes no sense .
* bonk
That ’ s a great boob tbh . No shame .
This woman has a nice pair though
Is that why you ’ re trying to see how 🌈 you can go 🤔
i read it has “ hairy ” 😂
LMFAOOOOO
[ AI voice teaches humans how to breastfeed ! ] ( https://youtu.be/N5Tb5CnOSZ8 )
LOL ! Thx needed that 😂
🤣 🤣 🤣
I'm assuming that's all back tested and included in the trained algorithm .
I keep explaining to NVDA haters and doomsayers that they have no idea about the vast usage of NVDA for hospitals , science researchers , gaming , AI , etc . They just keep wishing the stock will fall and crash to below $ 80 lmfao . They have no idea that there are hundreds of thousands of investors around the world where millions of dollars will go into buying whatever dip , big or small . I think they are just jealous and mad at us shareholders making good profit from buying the dip every time lmfao .
no , 2 most important features AI can be applied , one is medical treatment another one is natural disaster forecast , and NVDA is working on both with professional in the field
It is , but don't get too excited - it's been used for stuff like this for near on a decade now , this is nothing new
It will eventually be used in nearly every human endeavor that involves assembling information and making inferential judgements about things . Like " Will that kid run in front of my car ? " for instance .
AI is great with imaging , but it requires lots of data to train and refine . Also not sure about laws regarding this . But definitely helpful . If you could train a machine to do this with a much larger database than a doctor could ever try and make as a practice … the main thing would be making sure there isn ’ t a false alarm and charging for extra visits imo .
What do you think it's being used for ? Chat bots ?
Anything that has the potential of firing a human . And if it ’ s a top paid human like an oncologist even better
It's absolutely the case lol
lol this . There have been countless startups and companies who use AI for various types of cell detection and you do not need Nvidia for any of that .
All AIs gen or non-gen use GPUs . Wake up .
Hahahahaha what ? Lmao they make GPUs that is their business lmfao
Is no one going to mention the booooobies ?
I doubt radiologists are going anywhere .
You just need three triplets in water for that .
Did you see the boob though ? Isn ’ t that interesting ?
Robotic surgery has been done for decades .
Anything a family doc can do in a remote visit can eventually be replaced by AI . But good ones also do a lot in person with their hands . The diagnostic specialties — Radiologists , Pathologists , etc will go first .
Doctors will be and should be in the future aided by AI . There are tons and tons of specialties , so the doctorate degree in medicine will continue on and not be replaced . I wouldn ’ t trust anything currently out there to do AI run heart surgery with robots-especially without human oversight , you wouldn ’ t be able to have confidence that the AI run surgery robots would be good until at least 10 years from now . Similarly , you wouldn ’ t be able to assess that the AI family doctor is fully checking the patient for diseases and health related issues for many many years . Humans will retain the job of knowing about the human body and making sure AI is doing the right thing . Pharmacy can be more automated with AI , but you still need someone to sue if things aren ’ t done in accordance with the law .
Shouldn't splash cold water on the starry eyed permabulls here . it's like hitting puppies .
Aren't the algorithms getting more accurate over time ?
Yeah but as long as it pumps the stock it doesn't matter lol
Jesus dude . You sound like an anesthesiologist talking about CRNAs . Chill . You are in a field that will never be eliminated , but given the exponential growth in accuracy and utility of AI in the medical field you are in a specialty that will need fewer residents . You can protest and lobby all you want ( kind of like anesthesiologist ) but it's gonna happen .
don ’ t be a Debbie downer lol . You are supposed to cheer anything the cheerleaders here say .
I love the Office Space reference , but it's Channel 9 .
Computer aided has been around for a long time , and there's still a radiologist reviewing cases . FDA reviews / approves the software and radiologists don't generally like to buy useless junk .
Less than human radiologists .
I believe I ’ ve just perfected how I ’ m going to describe the difference between “ intelligence and wisdom ”
Apologies , the idiom should be " at this point * in * time " , as in their current capabilities . Gotta fool the algorithms * every now and then * , I guess . ( Hope I got that last idiom right ... )
* bonk like this https://youtu.be/dgjcYk-MIEc?feature=shared
Haha I knew I wasn ’ t alone . It is a great one indeed
For a 70 year old , sure .
#LMFAO I knew you'd be here
Agreed , has to be
anyone with enough education can think of a few dozen ways to make money if only they had access to enough GPUs . It's amazing that there are so many idiots that think it's a bubble
Save your breath for coolin your porridge man why are you having to explain yourself to all these people ?
I mean Nvidia can be a great and important company that will do well in the future . While at the same time be priced too high right now . Good companies are not immune to bubbles .
Assholes
You don ’ t need an a100 or a blackwell for this though
All of these use cases been around for years and are not the catalyst for the recent price increase . People been trading this stock for like 10 years and you think people don ’ t know . All the stuff you mentioned been priced in since NVDA was like 50 post split .
Its nothing new and nothing to do with LLM AI . In other words it has practically zero relevance to the nvda hype train .
the funny cat faces that wink with you . like the time the lawyer couldnt turn it off . it's been paying off
a lot of predictive analysis . you can fuck off with the asshole attitude by the way .
[ deleted ]
as someone who has dealt with oncologists , I wouldn ’ t say they will be replaced , but augmented . radiology too
But people don ’ t want to hear this . Besides , even if NVDA is somehow involved in cancer detection , how big of a market really is it ?
Tiny market , would be a sub 500b company without genAI .
The scale of the demand is much smaller for traditional ML models
I am waiting for AI Sex Doll . Man … I ’ m gonna bust every hour .
I can tell … those are some nice titties and nipples .
Indeed , but with a surgeon at the controls . Will AI change that ?
Fully is always relative . In my personal case as stated I am fairly certain AI would have detected the trend before the number hitting the redline . You don ’ t need to be philosophical . Just list tasks that a family doctor does which can ’ t be handled by AI . Let ’ s review the list . Sounds tough , but there is nothing 100 % . Society has limited resources and believe it or not life has a price .
Maybe ? Sure . But accurate at what ? Breast cancer is complicated and currently requires a mix of mammography , ultrasound , and MRI modalities for evaluation . The application here with CAD has been shown to be most helpful with finding malignant calcifications . Most radiologists can do that on their own and a million benign things also calcify in the breast way more commonly . Other things it looks for is asymmetries , which it has shown to pretty poor in doing . Sure it ’ s getting better but it ’ s application is complicated and has so many false positives that it ’ s largely not helpful .
Huh ? What about that was not chill ? You can ’ t sit here and bloviate about medicine when you literally aren ’ t in it . If you ’ ve never been in a reading room for even an hour and done “ radiology ” or been at the head of the table in the OR you don ’ t have an iota of understanding of any application or process . Protests and lobbying aren ’ t needed because this isn ’ t replacing any physician anytime soon . And big laughs at your comment that residency positions will be going down … you ’ re clearly are just saying things that make no sense . But don ’ t worry , keep your calls .
Still no source or answer to my question and i have 4 downvotes lol , delusional subreddit
source ?
Is this person actually 70 years old … … ..
Yes 🤗
On what basis is their current valuation too expensive ? If you predict their FY 2026 earnings at 6 dollars a share ( that ’ s fairly conservative ) and use a very conservative earnings multiple of 20 , that puts you at 120 a share . If you use an earnings multiple of 40 , which is more typical for high growth tech stocks , that puts us at 240 a share . Split the difference and you ’ re at 180 .
No you can fuck off
Don't be a dick please
Considering one in two of us will get it , I would say it's not an insubstantial market . I would imagine that AI will read every medical scan in the future .
But but .. what about the boooobies ?
Jesus Christ . Why are doctors so uptight about everything ? I don ’ t know shit about radiology but I do know a great deal about the anesthesiology world ( not a clinician personally , but related to several ) . And doctors are super threatened by anything that might challenge their god-like status .
Never a source
Hey man , if you got to rub one out , that ’ s all that matters . Also I have no idea .
I was making the argument that they could be priced too high even when its a great company , not that they are priced too high . Thats something everyone should decide for themselves , but as you point out the evaluation is based on alot of growth and a high future multiple aswell .
It's on the basis of chip buys being part of the infrastructure build-out for datacenters , and not something that's necessarily recurring quarter after quarter . Once an enterprise has acquired sufficient chip capacity , they can continue their AI efforts without further massive spend on chips . I guess , think of chips as steel for a bridge if AI was the traffic on the bridge . Once the bridge is built out already , the traffic can flow for a long time before the bridge needs to be rebuilt . Then bulls argue that every generation of chips is so much better than the previous one so the chips always need to be replaced but that just doesn't sit right in the long term , when we go from an over-investment scenario to a more run-rate situation , i . e . why would these companies spend hundreds of billions worth of chips one year , just to replace them the next one . It's only the current state of things with the explosive interest in generative AI , but not the sustainable one .
what ? are you 12 ?
50 % get cancer ? Check on the stat , it is more like 6 % . In any case , for something like this the most AI can do is to help screen and triage , no way a final call would be made without a clinician ’ s final diagnosis . Besides , ththat ’ s the point . The point is that NVDA is in not relevant to this , and people shouldn ’ t just lump all possible AI uses with NVDA .
I ’ m not just was curious since you made the claim hahaha
Not really though . If I value them below the S & P multiple they ’ re already below fair value and have a 15 % upside . If you value them like a low growth technology company then they would have about a 50 % upside from Friday ’ s closing price . The only way these number don ’ t make sense is if you think they ’ re going to make less money next year than they do now which is ridiculous imo .
Simple , they do because they can ’ t risk falling behind . They know AI , Datacenters etc . will probably be extremely profitable in the next decades , and they opportunity outweighs the risk of investing without profit .
If you listen to people like Dan Ives ; we won ’ t reach peak demand in the current cycle until mid 2027 when Rubin , Vera and Rubin Ultra HBM 4 ( the successors to Blackwell and Grace ) will have been shipping for almost a year . Each generation is projected to have logarithmic improvement in performance per watt and transistor density . So 2 more years of hyper scalers buying as many of these chips as they can get their hands on . I agree , after that point selling chips won ’ t be the primary driver of growth for the business . Nvidia already acknowledges that . The next wave will in software products which incidentally have even higher margins . Nvidia has discussed pivoting to a software business over the next three years . They ’ ve acknowledged the need for this since before Ampere . I honestly wouldn ’ t be surprised if their valuation is in excess of 10 trillion by 2030 . And btw , AI is much more than LLMs . Pharmaceutical development , especially in biologics is ripe for AI .
I said fuck off . Good day .
Google for two seconds and you will see the average rate of a person getting cancer in their lifetime in the US is 40.5 % ( cancer.gov )
Mate if you have no clue how widely cancer is spread and a simple Google search will confirm my statistic , how are we supposed to take anything you have to say on anything seriously ?
This thread has me rock-hard
Not sure if i follow , what numbers are you using here ? PE for Nvidia is \ ~ 55 and S & P is at \ ~ 30 ? Assuming you are using current earings and not the predictions mentioned earlier as you mention it only making sense if the make less money next year . which i think is probably unlikely aswell .
staying on topic , NVDA has no direct relevance whatsoever with this . some people here tend to clump everything AI with it . even if statistically many people might be prone to cancer , it doesn't mean that the financial market itself is going to be substantial . nvda's meat right now is data centers , that's about 85 % of their revenue and almost their entire growth driver over the last 7 quarters . when that infrastructure is set , people are just not going to spend that much and they have already announced development of their own chips . how is nvda going to replace 23B or so of revenue every quarter ? and even though they say there is still selling out through mid next year , they are also officially slowing down . that's the financial conundrum facing nvda .
You are taking this out of context and making a straw man argument . Stick to nvda ’ s role to cancer what do you have ?
Yeah , so we agree . I ’ m calculating on forward price to earnings since we were talking about 2026 .
I don't agree or disagree about NVDA's relevance to cancer treatment , honestly I'm not knowledgeable enough about the company . Just wanted to educate you on the statstic .
Makes sense , and yea adds up given that prediction .
I do see the statistic , and it is a bit surprising . However , you also need to educate yourself a bit on nvda ’ s role to cancer treatment because we are discussing nvda here , not cancer . Stick to the topic .
Yeah the market is crazy - any time recently you get a rally , it gives it right back
Shits starting to get old
We all just became 30 year investors
The only time I will get concerned is in 20 years .
If Nancy is still in then I ’ m still in
Time to buy more
I don ’ t see why people are upset ? If we all truly believe in this stock then keep buying it on sale today .
GOOD . I WANT TO BUY LOWER
HODL
Earnings might bring us back to 110 … if we ’ re lucky
I feel like I got caught in a ponzi scheme . Jk I bought in 2018 but the last month feels like a Ponzi scheme .
it drops with qqq , not surprised .
You ’ re a pussy if you lose conviction from a little drop . Nothing has changed moving forward
Being an NVDA stockholder is like being on a roller-coaster where you can't get off , getting incredibly dizzy and sick after the 5th run , and being tempted to defy the operator's rules and awkwardly slip through the restraint bars and walk down the emergency steps each time it goes back up . It's so exhausting being a stockholder of NVDA .
Unless you ’ re day trading who really cares what the current daily fluctuations are . As long as the fundamentals of the business itself haven ’ t changed dramatically since the last income report . it will recover .
Lost roughly $ 600 on call options today but luckily stopped fighting the market and bought puts and came out of the day $ 450 profit . Good day in my books
Fundamentals have only improved . Price target keeps increasing . It ’ s one of the highest performing growth stocks of all time . I ’ ll gladly take anyone ’ s shares . Buy fear .
tomorrow it will go to 109 then next week 96
If you look at NVDA 52 week rage is from around 39.00 -140.00 . At some point it might gives back 50 % . So in $ 70 ' s would be a great buy . I am adding little at every drop will add more if it drop to 70 ' s .
Told you moonboys were buying the top 2 weeks ago . GG .
With this carry on trades … like did all of Asia buy in with Yen ? Or are hedge funds running out of money ?
Somebody knows something I don't , that's for sure .
I ’ m tired boss
I ’ m out at $ 121 and $ 104 , took my gains and putting it in diversified investments
It's crushing my options contract I bought weeks ago . Should have sold I guess .
Im going to weep .
Ya know ... we can see the ticker prices . These reports are not needed .
1,095 stocks avg 98.99 NVDA is the first thing I see and what I think when I open my eyes in the morning
Just keep buying without focusing on day-to-day fluctuations . I've been consistently purchasing these stocks lately , and I'll revisit them in 5 years . Nvidia is a pioneering company , and we are at the forefront .
Just avg down to $ 99 ... Holding ! ! !
Why ? ? ?
People don't wanna hold overnight in this current volatile market .
Im ok with that
My NVD stock is doing very well . I recommend it , lol .
Good time to buy ?
Love it . I need more dips for more chips please .
Looks like we could head down to $ 90 tomorrow or even below with the way selling pressure is rn
We ’ ve been going downward trend since July 10th
Average $ 112 , bought 4k more at $ 99
Discounted stocks are my favourite stocks .
Honestly , we are past the peak and in descent
It ’ s been a bloodbath I ’ m down over £ 1000 in just efts this month so far . August is not looking good 😅
Just the beginning
🥹 you love to see it . And by “ you , ” I mean me .
Sorry , I sold early hence the drop . I'll be more careful next time .
Puts are PRINTINGGG goddamnit 🙌 🚀
I buy more every time it dips into the 90s .
Buy the dip ?
You have to wait 30 days to avoid a wash sale if you do that . Plus , earnings inside of that window . I got assigned at 141 . Current coat basis is 132 . I ’ m going to see wat earnings brings and go from there .
Tai zoo zoo zoo zoo zoo zoo zoo 💦 🐑
Wait till you see it at $ 35 and people panic selling . Then buy more
I'm not here for a short time I'm here for a long time . Grand scheme of things this means very little , my average is like 58 $
Huang selling every other day certainly doesn ’ t help .
I got bad news . Its only worth what people say it is worth . People with years of gains wants to check out before economy slows down . Will it go up for earnings ? Probably but people expecting the same kind of numbers are in for disappointment and it might plummet soon after . Its got XX years of revenue baked into it - It just doesnt make sense . Its very likely to be profitable for earnings but with economy / other factors people would rather just go safe till things return to normal . Tbh , I am kind of expecting 110-115 for earnings and then 80 afterwards . People want out . AMD is just going downhill despite its best earnings and intel evaporating . Which says a lot .
This thing will keep bouncing till earnings after which it will bounce around some more . There ought to be run up to earnings .
I ’ m loosing my hope . When this will stop ? Does anyone have any idea ?
Give earnings a chance
Insiders have been selling 6:1 . Go ahead and keep holding those bags tho . Viktor is back
What would Pelosi do ? lol
Yay I got 2 shares at 97 , wish I had more money .
it will drop to 70 $ soon nvidia
Wtf happened ? Who the fuck is selling ?
The market volatility index across the board is the highest it ’ s been in 2yrs , but it ’ ll settle . August is historically a bad month for the market . Edit : long game is the best strategy
If you know NVDA well , just count how many time this + 5 % to - 5 % happened recently . As far as I can recall , there are at least 5times
I averaged down by selling covered calls from $ 125 to $ 117 . Will continue to do that while volatility continues
Buying more
Buying more at open woohoo
Patience . It'll get better .
If you think this is the end of the selloff then youre in for a surprise . This was just a warning from wall street to the Fed
yep we ’ ll be holding this stock for another 20 years just to wait for it to get back to $ 130 .
The cult behind NVDA is in for a nasty reality check . The signs are obvious but people are deceiving themselves . Unfortunately the retail investors are always the one left holding the bags .
It ’ s going to 60 I hope you are mentally … prepared
I only have one stock of NDA but it ’ s funny watching the ppl on this chat 😂
Most of you idiots deserve to lose money . Shouldn ’ t have down voted bear thesis earlier
Well duh it's a massive bubble and it's popped
Who cares ! This is a long term stock . 30 years from now we ’ ll have the last laugh
It ’ s been the worst drop in a year for the U . S . Japan had its worst since ‘ 87 and you were expecting everything to be stable in 2-3 days ? Not to mention just a few months before elections .
I have puts at 120 strike :)
Just another Wednesday when it comes to buying stocks .
good time to be a trader
Is this the scene from fight club with the reel splicing
just hold on for 3 weeks , we'll get there ...
Nvidia is all over the place
Today was one big honeydick . Lol . But I ’ m honestly happy with not having giant negatives each day . I think it ’ ll slowly come back . Having the same issues with TSM .
Buy more
Yeah ... duh , it's perfect . It does this ever other day . Just bought tons of NVDL at $ 40 a share . Tomorrow I'll sell it all at a high point , and buy tons of SOXS and short Nvidia . Rinse and repeat . 10 % of gains every single day .
* * Stock market correction : losses of 10 % to 20 % , but not enough to shift from a bull market to bear market * * . Stock market crash : losses greater than 20 % , when a bull market gives way to a bear market .
i ‘ m trying to buy so I hope it drops below $ 90
Just sit on it for 10 years and thank me later
I have 150 shares at $ 126 left over … .. roast me pls LOL
Fuck Jensen
Thank god . What a stupid bubble .
This company keeps running red and it ’ s only worth what people say it is . Realistically speaking NVDA grew from AI hype but has it actually delivered anything ? I see more Teslas on the roads each time I go outside , I see iPhones in peoples hands daily . But I don ’ t see AI making a huge difference to our society or the corporate world just yet ? When it finally does in 10 years then yeah , NVDA will be worth an amount equivalent to its hype , meaning you ’ ll have to hold out for that period . Which is what most of its investors are ; long-term . Right now for the short-term , there ’ s way way better options .
Not sure how you regards can ’ t see what ’ s going on w the market big picture . Keep buying the false bottoms if you ’ re that eager to get a piece of the AI bull run that ’ s already over . We have a long way down to go .
I bought 2 shares at $ 100ish on Monday and sold at around $ 106 on Tuesday . I think there could be more downside for stocks , and I don ’ t think NVDA will buck that trend .
Literally , me .
The longest bear market on record for the S & P 500 was from 1946 to 1949 , lasting three years . The average bear market lasts around 14 months , but other bear markets have lasted longer : 2000 – 2002 : This 31 - month bear market was also known as the Dot Com Bubble , and saw the S & P 500 decline by 49 % 1973 – 1974 : This bear market lasted 20 months 2023 : As of June 11 , 2023 , the S & P 500 had been in bear market territory for 248 trading days , the longest since 1948 Are we due a bear market ? Lag effect and rate decrease coming ?
Dead cat bounce
At this point I'm down with it tanking to zero . Come on motherfuckers , give me the deal of the century . The fundamentals are great , the potential is unknown , like companies have to process data and nbda does it the best . You can't buy their product because it's not available . Idgaf . I'll liquidate a couple million and go hard ( er ) . Edit : I bought 3000 shares at 700 .
[ deleted ]
We going to 0 boys
whens the next rally , i started invested in nvda in june 28 at $ 138 a share and it feels like im never going to break even
That's not a bad thing . Consolidation and dispersion allows the market to establish more liquidity ( support / resistance , if you will ) in those ranges , enabling healthier growth going forward . If the market is just constantly gapping up and not retesting previous price levels then when there is uncertainty and fear there is going to be even more volatility and chaos . Consolidation is a good thing , in my view at least .
Before Aug jobs numbers !
Playing the option side of it has sucked because the minute it rally ’ s you get bagged I had a 110c this morning got bagged on only to break even for the day thanks to a 103p should of held it all day
Bought before both splits . Has been worth it . I just forget I even have it and really only come back around when the stock is on discount .
Yep , especially when there is no real reason .
Nothing like being trapped in a meme stock with 20k losses .
Bars
Wait , who's in who again ?
I ’ m pumped about it . I ’ m going to hold it for at least ten years .
😂 😂 😂
Thought experts in this sub were talking about 150-200 a month ago ?
it drops with the NASDAQ ? no fucking shit
It dropped before QQQ by 3 % then with TQQQ with another - 7 %
It ’ s not a little drop , bought at 139 :(
I agree that nothing fundamentally changed in the long term , but nobody is talking about just today . It's drop after drop after drop after drop . Again tomorrow , and next week too while we are at it . If this was the whole market it would be a major crash . It helps looking at statistics of nvda , swings of 30 % and more happened before . Regularly . It's still demoralizing .
This is a dumb ass statement . No nothing has changed moving forward but it ’ s down like 30 % the past month . That ’ s not a “ little ” drop from where it was where a lot of people bought in , which was over 130 ish .
Pretty sure this meme is meant for day traders
Sometimes it ’ s just accepting the loss and flipping quick . Was up 700 of spy call got greedy sold off for $ 400 loss . Bought nvdia tsm and crowd puts before close up $ 200 at close .
" Sell the rumour buy the news " They are literally putting out any bearish news they can right now . When the news ( 28th of August arrives ) it's going to be one glorious day . I expect it to be red til the last week before earnings . And then it will be volatile for the next month or so because people are still reluctant with the bearish news this month but slowly they will buy back in . Thats my optimistic best case scenario . Worst case they reduce guidance for next quarter because of delays and it stays at 90-110 range til 2025
I ’ m a fairly new investor in the market , sorry if I misunderstood your comment but do you mean to buy a few shares everyday as it ’ s dropping ? Or would you wait until it drops more then buy and hold your shares ?
So glad I ’ m seeing some sanity here . 70 ’ s is also a fair price in my eyes , and even then I would want some dry powder for buying in case it drops lower . I ’ m begging more people in this sub to study what happened to Amazon , Microsoft and Cisco around the dot com bubble . Of course it ’ s not a 1:1 comp , but very relevant
I tried explaining to someone a few weeks back that the stock felt so highly valued they might want to find something better-priced or wait for a correction had someone replying to me 5x + in a row about how stupid I was .. it was at 130 + at the time 😅
I been saying it a long time . Tried to talk someone out of buying at 127 + . Got downvoted . They fomo ’ d in . I wonder if they ’ re still happy . Hmmm
Not the top lol . Some of you are so short-sighted .
Another jobless claims coming tomorrow ... the investor is watching it with shrunk testicles . You see that reflected in the market today .
Ummm people who read charts
You already missed the massive gains sorry to inform you
The forefront wasn ’ t 25,000 % ago ?
Wasn't the whole idea to get rich quickly by picking red hot stocks that will 10x you into your dreams in a few years , when did that change ? :(
I hope so , I ’ d love to lower my average .
More like everyday ! These NVDA fan boys are just like the Tesla fanboys and also like the MAGA cult ! Don ’ t talk bad about their Lord and Savior ! Dude can ’ t do no wrong ! Even if he cost them their investments . The dude is still loved by this cult ! I gave you an upvote ! You will get downvoted in this sub if you talk about their lover ! 😂
In 3 months . Lol
Not in this Shakey market
Why not 50 if 70 ? Why not 30 if 50 ?
You think the Fed pays attention to what the market wants ? Fed couldn't give a fuck . The Fed is about the economy , not the market .
Homie , the drawdown has nothing to do with Nvidia ’ s business . Hasn ’ t topped yet – has plenty of room to run as long as hyperscaler capex stays high , which they all have confirmed plans to maintain
[ deleted ]
Why ?
Nvda *
I have 5 and completely agree ! Some comments are freakin hilarious ! 😂 🤣
ok boomer
How is NVDA a bubble ?
Nice if you bought a long ways out when it was 141 . If not , you spent a bundle and have more play money than me . Lol
By that definition NVDA has crashed then . Over 33 % lost since ATH , almost 40 % .
You took a heloc for this ?
Yah a company selling $ 30b a quarter and their stock is going to 0 , just another fear mongering degenerate who likes taking advantage of people who come on these subs and all willing to sacrifice their morals in order to buy at a 5-10 % discount .
Bruh , I'm holding a few hundred shares and still adding . I'm never giving these back , lol . AI isn't just chat bots !
Many analysts are forecasting a price target of as high as 150 in 2024 . Hold on . At any rate don't sell at a loss .
Just hold for a couple of years
Earnings will be huge at the end of the month . Forward guidance will be absolutely huge .
i bought at 90 in April and was immediately in red for over a month . Don't stress it will come back stronger than ever .
Before last earnings the highest was 960 and it couldn't even reach 1000 , and it fell back to 780 , only to rise to 1400 in one or two monthes
don't think about it for a year
Hang in there ! I ’ m also in at $ 138
😂 many of us bought & sold at that price . if we liked it at 138 , we ( should ) love it at 90/100 , that ’ a 40 % discount .
#Just hold . Unless either : A . China Bombs Taiwan Or B . AI is revealed to be a massive hoax which I kinda doubt in the long term . If you just thought you ’ d be ballooning like Bitcoin ’ s heyday , you ’ d be mistaken .
If you ’ re long , buy the dip . I don ’ t know how Many shares you have but if you double tomorrow you probably come down to a 115 average ? Idk math is hard
Same 😂 😂 😂
It ’ s only been a short while bruv
Buy high sell low
Investing lol
Buy high sell low
You won ’ t lol
I got 200 , some bought at 111 others at 114 . I'm holding for a few years
If you can wait 1-3 years , I am sure you will be profitable ... now if you avarage in ( if ypu have money left ) ... you will bring that break even price to something way better and will probably be profitable way sooner . I would by every week from now to earnings on 28 aug and see what avarage price you get .
Jensen starts the next rally tomorrow at 4:21 : 55 PM GMT .
I get it . You obviously don ’ t want to sell . It looks like we ’ ll have a little rough patch . Not a bad idea to sell covered calls on any relief rally , to lower cost basis .
I bought 80 at $ 136 , we will be fine ... in the long run
He tandem game bump
U will relax 🧘
You are obviously extremely new
Playing options if you're a retail trader is always stupid .
Market manipulation is real .
It's definitely not a meme stock . The company & fundamentals are solid . This is a market pull back , not just a NVDA drop . It'll be back .
You ’ re calling NVDA a meme stock ? Jesus christ dude
Feel your pain . Round 15k lost and trapped in NVDA
Ah yes , a multibilliondollar company 50 % net margin is now a meme stock
Nancy Pelosi
Inside Paul
[ deleted ]
ANALYSTS have these predictions !
Lololol A month or more ago I was calling 100 , then 90 .
What made you think that valuation above 3 trillion was a good deal ?
So were you saying the same thing when it went from 900 -> 700 ? Then to 1400 ? Or did you forget ?
Exactly . Better to just quit fighting the market hoping to make it back . If I would ’ ve held I would ’ ve been down over $ 1000 . Good job coming out green on the day
… ahem .
It's pretty hard to get in at the very bottom , trying to dollar cost average . Markets are mostly down in August & September specially in Sept . So we'll have the market volatility for awhile I am going to hold the position for 2-3 years , so buying few here and there , hope to buy more if it hit around 70s . It might or might not go there .
What do you think is a good value / stock price ?
Tell me about it . A close friend added even more at 130 + and keeps telling me about his new “ thesis ” . Like where were you years ago haha
Keep averaging down buddy . Buy after a 1000 % increase in the past 3 years
Eh job numbers are fake anyway . Price has always been set by institutions . They decide if a stock is going to swing . You can compare last year NVDA did the exact same dump and pump . That war & economic scare cycle . 😜
I vividly remember the excitement of the early 1990s when the internet first became accessible to the public . It felt like unlocking a portal to a magical world . Back then , we would patiently wait for hours to download a single MP3 file , and watching a webpage load could take minutes . It's incredible to see how far we've come today , with internet speeds that surpass the speed of light . We're truly at the forefront of technology , continuously expanding the horizon of what's possible .
Can ’ t careless about huang himself per se . my interest in Nvidia is what he can do for nvda . If he can ’ t make my investment worth it then he is not different than that floater i just saw in my toilet . I do think his selling strategy sucks major ass and if he wanted to dump shares do it in a two or three sittings of several million shares each would have been far better than doing it every other day . Insider selling is never perceived well and it is common sense to minimize its impacts as much as possible .
im a software engineer and data scientist so what happens is that it goes onto a algorithm and from a perspective of mine . im predicting it will go to 70 $ . a lot of stuff today is controlled by algorithms ; like bookmakers for instance bet 365 , ladbrokes , sky sports , virgin bet these bookmakers all use special algorithms to make life even better . so much so that they have a good algorithm for customers and a bad algorithm for customers . if you win consistently you will be placed on the notie algorithm and you will lose consistently and have worser time winning . if you ’ re a good person and dont win as much you may be placed on a better algorithm . i have heard blackrock and DeWave are planning on making a highly confidential EEG software that will take your brainwaves and according to your beliefs will punish you or reward you based on their algorithm . so for example you might end of winning the lottery because anything that has a chip in it will have algorithm and all your financial data is controlled via these chips as in computers . have a nice day 😊 thanks for understanding .
It ’ s not a warning to the Feds . Lol It ’ s cause everything went so high in a shortish amount of time . Everything was so overbought . Ratio ’ s were ridiculous . So it started coming down . Sometimes slow , sometimes sideways & then down more and sometimes quicker . But it ’ s NOT a warning to Feds . It ’ s been warning you , as an investor , for awhile .
Fair value is 30 , 40 might be cutting it close but can see that for a blip
The fair market value is under 1T , given the amount of profits they bring in . Pe 24 would be the right spot
Ha good Insult mate but I was born in 1984 so no not quite .
[ deleted ]
up over 100 % year to date after a 27 % selloff in less than 2 months . Maybe just a little frothy . lolololol
I checked , it's about 5 % .. Where did you get your number ? If you number is correct , it doesn't mean it won't recover . Most analysts are saying one should buy and take advantage of the dip . I agree . " Nvidia stock falls 5 % , chip stocks sink as Wall Street calls out ' tremendous opportunity ' after sell-off " [ ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-stock-falls-5-chip-stocks-sink-as-wall-street-calls-out-tremendous-opportunity-after-sell-off-201300330.html )
Nobody mentions media & entertainment use cases in the cloud , yet it's pretty fuckin important . Also gpu heavy .
Nothing wrong with doing a little TA , cutting a loss and re entering at a better price .
Id stop buying shares for now . You ’ re just wasting ammunition . Wait , the real drop hasn ’ t started and you ’ ll need that money to meaningfully average down . When Warren Buffet is parking 293 billion in T-Bills , you know the fun is just getting started .
More importantly NVDA is not just a chip maker . Check our [ Omniverse ] ( https://youtu.be/U3ZtPi5uFd8?si=-qQ1-1owKUa744nl )
> analysts LOL . Those morons don't have a clue . A study showed that the best moment to buy is actually when analysts are the moat bearish about something . When all analysts start throwing outlandish price targets , that's the top . NVDA has already topped .
You think it will take a couple of years to cross 138 ?
And it ’ ll just keep dropping lmao
Yeah yeah heard that a trillion times . Keep coping
What happened to the other semi stocks posting huge earnings this quarter ?
How ? Nvidia was like 800 a share in April . They did a stock split on June 7th and that's when it went down to like 110 .
This is some next level coping
I think if A happens , it ’ s still a long term hold . A is totally going to happen also .
Companies realize they can't make much money off of " AI " thing .
Knew I was doing something right .
Unless you ’ re using it to hedge , covered calls or using puts to secure a cheap entry I agree
To be fair no one complains about mm when it is going up . I think the current situation right at this moment is just an overwhelmingly negative market sentiment . Nothing anyone can do about it except to just let it pass , and it will at some point .
It ’ s up 230 % last year and 100 % this year … and you ’ re blaming market manipulation ? Are you that naive ?
Natural fluctuation isn ’ t market manipulation
If it walks like a cat and talks like a cat ... But seriously , with all the media attention it gets and the extreme volatility , it might as well be a meme stock .
The company is great . The valuation isn ’ t .
Down over a trillion in market cap in about a month .
200k checking in
The funny part is I actually had some hope when it was 108 this morning , then dropped 10 fucking dollars throughout the day . All hope was lost . I just pray it doesn ’ t go to 70 .
Multi-trillion *
That is the kind of answer I was going for .
Argue there are probably fewer than 100 actual experts in the world ... 
... And they control the market
No they don ’ t . Price targets were reduced . Some as low as 100 and others as high as 130 . It ’ s not a Strong Buy anymore . Lots say hold .
Yeah , hopium is an account killer .
Did I say something wrong ? I kinda forgot we had PPI and CPI ;) Those both came in good for economy and is helping us boost . News starting changing to good news 2 weeks instead of 1 week out . Again i'm not a psychic lol . It just means we get to recover over a 2 week period rather than one . Now we are in my optimistic best case scenario . If things keep up we might be testing all time high by earnings :D
nobody knows , and that's the most honest answer I can give . when I made my suggestion before , it was at 115 because I drew a line through the charts , and that was the number it kept swinging back to over and over ( its also where I bought in , same reason ) that is NOT a thesis though , and it basically relied on luck . I am planning to review my investment in 2 years to make sure its on track ... if so , I'll keep it for 10 + , so to me it didn't truly matter whether it was 100 or 115 but it's all about why you invest . I wanted in on nvda because I believe that modular supercomputers will be the future far beyond AI , and that one day we might have these AI chips in home boxes to keep our data private , which would open another massive market . none of these things can be quantified honestly , I think you're going about this backwards overall . " time in the market beats timing the market " , right ? you've heard it a million times . what this means , is that you look at the market every single time you have free cash , and you buy something that is undervalued or fairly valued , hoping it will go up . Don't just look at nvidia and ask what the best price is . look at the market and say , " where are the best deals right now ? " if nvidia doesn't feel like a fair price when you get money , don't put into it , no matter how bright its future is . people on here will talk them up , but when their cost basis is $ 15 post-split , they're going to have a way different experience than you if you're in it short-term ... why risk putting money in when its so high ? for what , 30 % returns , 60 % max ? at that point why not go for ASTS or something if you want super high risk , where you could get 300 % + ? the amount of volatility in nvda and the high volume and hype means if ANYTHING goes wrong , it will drop ... and \ * then \ * you might consider going in . if you're in long-term ... then you only look at the price because its your " margin of safety " , aka a buffer in case your thesis is wrong every two weeks , just look for the best opportunities and put your money there . only you know if nvidia looks like a good opportunity this time , you know ?
Historically NVDA had 50 for its PE ratio . I believe 60 is fair during these few high growth years . If this coming August earnings can reach $ 0.70 or more non-GAAP , and November earnings $ 0.75 or more , then this calendar year of 2024 would have made around $ 2.60 per share . 60 times $ 2.60 is $ 156 . I would say any price below $ 140 is good value .
I ’ m waiting till it ’ s below 80 . Going up today on hopium again . 🤦🏻‍♀ ️ . 50 reduction to interest rates ? ? ? I really doubt the Feds will drop it that much and possibly not at all . Today ’ s data beat expectations after those were beefed up . Unemployment isn ’ t too high . Prices haven ’ t come down . Hopium Dopium Brokium .
My average buy is at $ 23 but ok lmao . You have absolutely no idea . Come back in 6 months , chief . Imagine being dismissive of a stock because of how much it has gone up , rather than earnings that have a pretty concrete floor for the next year . Complete clown shit .
You're not wrong . It's always the big invisible hand behind these swings . Also known as institutional investors and the MMs .
Good thing the dot com market just kept going up and up as the internet continued to develop through the early 2000s
I did not understand anything , thanks
Does algorithm really matter if macro-economic conditions change ? It ’ s not like algos decide to drive a stock to a certain price point without any external circumstances .
where do you get your weed ?
Based on what ?
So what ’ s fair value for Apple ?
Fair value is completely different depending on what formula you use .
You might want to check your math on that 5 % . I have no idea where you got that from . I am sure a lot of people on this board would be extremely happy if that were the case .
Yea that article was just talking about today but it was actually down closer to 6 % including after hours . It is easily down around 25-30 % the last month .
Exactly . Blackwell is likely going to be pretty significant
I ’ m in this industry ( ML ) , and we ’ re a long way from what ’ s being promised . It will happen , but there are fundamental hurdles that need to be overcome to go from isolated demos to commercially viable solutions , this takes research and time . Science is slow .
If you sell and rebuy you end up where u starter minus fees . What is TA ?
T bills ? ?
Topped for now
[ deleted ]
Lower your avg to 98 then just wait until 108 or some crap if you want to sell quick
I think you ’ ll be fine in September .
It will but it will climb again .
And it ’ s been right basically every single time lol
I mean , look at the subreddit name — it ’ s an absolute echo chamber in here . And to be fair , if we didn ’ t see that bogus recovery on Monday / Tuesday , NVDA would ’ ve been at 85 / share right now , or lower .
i might have the exacts a bit wrong I'm not known for having a sharp memory . My YTD graph is a valley from march to around May 20 before it starts shooting up .
No . It ’ s been in the 130s
Can't find any graph saying nvda was trading at 800 usd ? ?
Learnt it from the best , Mr Buffet
I ’ m 50/50 on it .
Not yet .
Most shouldn't go near options unless they are professionals . Absolutely no one in this sub is a professional or even close . 😆
Correct . The Japanese Carry Trade Unwind plus the last job numbers has compromised investor confidence and not only that , August is typically the worst month for the market . A lot going on right now that is not supporting the bulls ...
It's very weird , this whole thing doesn't seem ' natural ' market behaviour , we just have to wait for it to pass ...
I'll take advantage . I've got a limit order set to buy at $ 70 , and if it keeps going down like this I'll be holding more shares than ever . Let it drop . The bigger the dip the higher the ROI when the recession ends . That being said Nvidia needs to diversify so we're not just relying on the sale of luxury goods like high power GPUs , but missile guidance systems , and Comercial / industrial parts .
There ’ s no reason to think they ’ re not trending with the overall sell offs in the market . I see nowhere stating negative sentiment for them even during this downward trajectory , only upside . They ’ re a reputable company and a leader in the sector and they ’ ll continue to do great in the long term . Tesla is a meme stock at this point , consistently profiting off of over promising and under delivering .
Honestly , I'm desensitised at this point . It's gone up and down like a yo-yo since we bought . Just praying earnings is good ( and the market actually rewards it )
With insider information ... They can dodge bullets like this .
Thanks . I'm not going about it wrong though . Just curious about your opinion . I am a chart guy so I've bought on both pullbacks . 92 was my latest buy . The other was when it went into the 70s and 80s ( adjusted for post split )
Yeah . People said the same about Tesla . Congrats , you ’ ve ridden the hype up . Don ’ t take profits if you want but it ’ s all downhill from here .
Basically algorithms are everywhere ! You can even see them in nature ! They are unavoidable ! I use an algorithm before deciding to place my bet . It ’ s really basic . When it goes below a certain percentage And stays below it , then it ’ s put time . Likewise if it goes above a certain % And stays above , it ’ s time to buy calls . It can be used based on highs and lows on any timeframe . If I want to day trade , I will base it on high and low of premarket . Right now , cause we ’ re not at the end of this , I am using ytd high and low . We ’ re already under the % for puts . Yes , it went up filling a gap . Yes , it retested 108 which coincided with Friday ’ s high . Now , we are below Friday ’ s low . It will now continue down and the next stop is around 90 . However , I believe instead of any hard bounce , it will consolidate there for a few days before continuing down . Look at the RSI . 70 is considered overbought & 30 oversold . But … if you look at multiple time frames , you ’ ll see this number change . Tonight NVDA on the 5 min chart , the RSI hit 30 . But if you look at the 4 hour , it ’ s no where near . If you look at even longer time frames you ’ ll see a higher RSI . The monthly is Still on the 70ish line . So Yes ! 90 incoming and Yes ! 50 is currently still on the table as a possibility . Especially when you consider the time of year . Historically down months . Then add all the outside forces and you ’ ve got the perfect storm . And , Yes , algorithms actually are part of the weather too .
Yes
Revenue , profits
Apple 50 bucks
0 is the real fair value , it ’ s just paper
Well , I copied from Yahoo Finance report . Perhaps I am reading it wrong . Doesn't matter to me because , I am certain there will be recovery within 3 months . My other investments are in the green so I will exercise patience . By the way , 33 % is really far from 40 % in this instance , in my opinion . I am not worried . I am ready to buy more when the opportunity arises . I guess one can always approach it in the mind of a Bear market .
Yes , that makes more sense . Thanks .
In my experience , 2020-2024 has been " not enough GPUs in the cloud " , there is SO MUCH demand , which existed long before the AI hypetrain
I'm also in ML and what you are saying is not true . It's accelerating so fast stuff that I knew last year are so outdated by now . Every week new papers on neural networks and AI are coming out that changes the capabilities of what we can do and how much we can accomplish . When it's THE hot topic , it's not slow , everyone is working on it and papers are coming out left and right trying to optimise or come up with newer faster and better ways to do things .
You have to wait 30 days to avoid a wash sale if you do that . Plus , earnings inside of that window . I got assigned at 141 . Current coat basis is 132 . I ’ m going to see wat earnings brings and go from there .
Treasury bills : https://www.foxbusiness.com/economy/buffetts-berkshire-currently-holding-more-short-term-us-treasury-bills-than-federal-reserve.amp
Yes , you are delusional . No ammount of $ in earnings will make NVDA hit ATH if the market is in recession mode .
The expectations are so high that the only way is down .
Regardless , I think your right and it will definitely go back up ! ! Good luck to ya .
Not in April 24
I agree but if you hold 100 shares of something , you can fully hedge with a put . You can use the “ wheel ” method to grow your position . Even still , I agree that * most * retail traders shouldn ’ t touch them
The market in the short run is irrational and unpredictable , so what we are seeing is exactly what it is . In the long run , however , it is always the best evaluator .
Like historicalwar said , nobody complains about the MMs when it is shooting up … even if it ’ s against grim Data & market conditions … inflated market proportions … etc .
Almost every news piece is negative for nvda ..
Dude there ’ s a whole subreddit dedicated to the stock . This is where the cultists gather . It ’ s a meme stock . The meme aspect helped the pump up . The media will sometimes refer to meme stocks as amc , gme , bby but we all know only those who are actually clinically autistic still touch those . New meme stocks are SMCI , NVDA , ARM , AVGO , HIMS , ASTS etc … NVDA has been the biggest meme stock this past year ! Daddy Jensen signing some titties was peak meme . Meme stocks can be successful companies too
You knew the Japanese government would make a surprise change to their rates ? If not , you wouldn't have been able to buy in as low as you did there , would have been better served just getting the money into the market sooner ( either NVDA , or another investment worth making at that time ) this is what I mean . the charts can't account for freak events , so the short-term forecast value of them is limited
Wow , you ’ ve cited one whole stock with a massively inflated NTM P / E . Literally means nothing . I ’ ve done and continue to conduct due diligence , but sure , keep being dismissive over something you don ’ t understand . The fact that you ’ re lurking this sub in some bizarre attempt to dunk on people is pretty telling that you ’ re just praying that it falls because you missed the boat . Nvidia will absolutely come crashing down – semiconductors are all cyclical and this company is no different – but it ’ s clear that you don ’ t have a clue what you ’ re actually discussing . You just think it ’ s “ due ” to come down without actually knowing any of the end market dynamics . Edit : and who said I haven ’ t took profits ? Lmao . Sold half of my shares right before it briefly surpassed AAPL and MSFT in market cap . Will likely buy another small chunk if it gets to ~ $ 90 .
I fail to see how algos are relevant with events like the Japanese government raising interest rates
I have no clue what you are rambling about . Taking 140 as the ATH you subtract 56 from there it is just about the 90 or slightly below that hit very recently . That ’ s 40 % right there . A lot of us here are long time investors but when you are down that much it takes a lot to climb back up . When you are down 50 % it takes 100 % increase to get even . And at this atmosphere and rate I highly doubt it would be 3 months .
They are postponing their release as well because of huge demand .
" not enough GPU's in the cloud " Especially true for HBO Max ...
Nothing you ’ ve said disproves my statement . I ’ m pointing out the disparity between current market promises and our actual progress . By all means , keep investing in the industry , but interest and investment don ’ t proportionally translate into progress .
Recession mode ? The stock market has been climbing all year long . Just because tech stocks are leveling out doesn ’ t mean we ’ re in a recession .
I must have got in in March , either way I'm not worried
I don't think most retail traders understand that there is much more to using puts than just betting on the price going down . The share price can go down and you can STILL lose money . People do not understand this . Options are too complicated for 99.9 % of people . And the people in this sub are absolute noobs for the most part .
I didn't pay attention to the rates because it is just a narrative for the stock market action . I only pay attention to the charts . Are you saying you don't believe me ? Lol
Oh , just to drill in the point . I sold half the amount I bought on the pullback to the 70s and 80s at 138 because I expected between 139-143 to be the top and expected quite a big pullback .
Good for you . And pretty ironic you think I don ’ t understand this . I don ’ t have time to argue with you so good luck .
Yes , you are right . The 5 % was for the day . LOL
They aren ’ t delaying due to demand issues … they are postponing due to a design issue that popped up last minute . Very very different
Check out the recent unimployment rates in the US , see how the fed is considering " emergency rate cuts " and then tell me we are not on the edge of a new recession !
Again , I fully agree … . just saying there ARE uses for options for retail investors , but it involves much more boring methods and a LOT of research and an actual strategy than the “ quadruple your money in a week ” garbage that most people think they ’ re gonna use options for lol
I like what both of you are saying and you're both correct . Even Peter Lynch said " I dunno man , I don't touch options " , but some people could of course learn to put them to use
Buddy your ‘ online ’ indicator has been lit up every time I open the app and check your response , no matter how much later it is . Not to mention you spend your time trolling subs for stocks you don ’ t own . You clearly have time but that ’ s alright lol > you think I don ’ t understand this You don ’ t . Otherwise you wouldn ’ t be calling the top on a sector with fairly strong demand visibility via supply chain
I guess I ’ m a participant of spreading fake news :(
Um , okay ? The unemployment rate is currently at 4.3 % , according to the Bureau of Labor Statistics ’ website . What news are you watching / listening to ? Fox News ? Talk radio ? Because here back in the real world , the unemployment rate is near an all-time low , the stock market is booming , and Biden ’ s economy is doing fine by every measure . Quit the fear mongering nonsense . We are not nearing a recession . If you believe otherwise , you ’ ve been fed a hot cup of bullshit . You haven ’ t even bothered to take the thirty seconds it takes to google the unemployment rate .
Right , for sure , and they also need to understand it's not as easy as just hitting a price target , that the value of the contract can degrade with time and you can lose money even if the price goes down / up , etc . If it were only so easy as to just " bet " on a price ! It's just not . And a lot of noobs have gotten burned that way .
I am on here , just don ’ t have time for you .
Unimployment has gone up . 1 % every month for more than 4 months . In the last month it went up . 2 % ( yes to 4.3 % ) . Late september will mark a crash IMO ... the fed will cut rates but a recession is very likely . It is just my opinion but no , I do not watch US news because I am not from the US . I look at charts .
Ya ’ ll also need to realize that All retailers aren ’ t betting on hopium . Many even have a plan in place as to when they ’ re selling . These people understand charting . These people don ’ t trade 0dte . These people have learned to bail if news drops making it a bad trade to minimize any loss . Gotta know when to fold em , isn ’ t just about poker .
Honestly it takes a solid 6 months to a year of studying just to fully understand the basic terminology in regards to options , so when I see someone less than a year into investing already playing with options I just cringe and tip my hat
Lmao . Try having some self awareness . Good luck homie
Truth
Yup !
You ’ re just a very bitter person . Seems like you just want to argue . Not worth the time .
You ’ re trolling subs for stocks that you don ’ t even own and I ’ m bitter ? Ok dude , whatever you say . Like I said … self awareness . Have a good one I guess lol
I did own it . Made a ton earlier this year .
Oh , so you desperately want a bunch of strangers on the internet to think that you accurately called the top . Still weird but ok .
Just stop replying . Why are you so mad ?
I ’ m not lol
Lemme guess - you're long a bunch of $ 130 calls expiring Friday .
Good news means price drops . Long term It will go up
Anyone check on the guy from Canada who sold his 3.5 mil house to go all in on NVDA with his son ? ? ?
50bil share buy back . They knew what's going on lol
I guess everyone who has options will start the next baseline of 130 for NVDA .
Hahahaha that ’ s right . Start preparing that ass to flip some burgers tomorrow
At least you get an employee discount on the Frosty .
I got my 116 filled … . 😃
If anyone watched the option volume around 230 the $ 110P started picking up volume , it went from 7,500 to 90,000 contracts in an hour and closed at over 110,000 at 4pm .
Help ! I need money to buy more shares . Please !
Funny but also regarded . It ’ s gonna go up long term . You should prob log off Reddit
Ok gentlemen , time to buy that dip !
You forgot to add a penis next to your mouth in the picture
Edible time .
I'm building a gloryhole next to the dumpster of the Wendy's , just need a few more 2 x 4 ' s and some sheets and the knob slobbinh can commence
Nana is not having it 🙄
Still up from $ 40 lol
It ll pop in morning . Nothing wrong with the result
What ’ s everyone ’ s price to buy more … I ’ m sitting at avg cost of 120.00
What did you guys expect ? It was overhyped . You wanted to sell at 130 you should have sold it before earnings . Now just fkn wait , in half a year you'll have your profit
It will be back over 125 in a couple days . Relax .
Bro every single company no matter the industry will need to adopt AI to compete with other companies and there ’ s only one company that can provide the best hardware and that ’ s NVIDIA . Wake me up in 2025
Knew this was gonna happen , people here were too bullish . Doing the opposite of what most Redditors do is a good trading strategy .
lol this is not even that bad of a drop . Wasn ’ t it this low like last week ? Christ alive . If you ’ re flipping burgers after this , you are a mega regard .
I ’ m being for real right now I took a nap today and woke up 15 minutes before markets close and sold half of my $ 130 Friday calls . It didn ’ t seem like the market was excited for earning to begin with and I just had a gut feeling . Wish I sold all of them but I still made out way ahead as I have been dumping them all week for profit
I sold my NVDA stock on Monday . I knew that going into earnings if it didn't have a spectacular ER not just a great one , it would go down . I'll be buying it back on the dip .
lol
On the niiiightshift
How hard is it to get a job at Wendy's
It happened
After house trading is where pros take rookies money .
Some how even my puts lost , this is fucking rigged
they want your calls to get fucked payed 11 for 120c and im getting destroyed by IV crush and overall big market shorting FUCK THESE BEARS . god speed everyone
those $ 113 calls i got a few weeks ago starting to look good . even if they get called away I should make a decent chunk of change when I buy them back .
HODL for 5 Years ... 🫶🏼 ✌🏼
I ordered 2 baconators and 2 Dave ’ s doubles . Get to work .
I expect a blow off top catalyzed by rate cuts in Sept and after that Im betting a big correction for markets . Maybe up and to the right on a rate cut sugar high and then within a month after the cuts big correction . Maybe not but historically this would make a lot of sense .
The stock market is just another casino being gamed by insiders , and we are the idiots putting our quarters in the slots hoping for a $ 400 payout while the casino makes millions . What ’ s worse is that if you the retailer cheats ( think GME ) you lose your money or go to jail , but when the insiders cheat ( which is every deal ) they get rich , oh and when they lose money they ask the government for a bailout .
RIP to my $ 150 calls expiring next week 🙃
[ removed ]
I believe NVDA has much growth potential in it . Even though it has had an impressive growth performance in the past few years that is only the beginning of a unprecedented growth that is soon to come . Yes there will be setbacks that will scare weak investors that lack the ability to look into the future but those who prevail shall be greatly rewarded . Just my 2 cents .
Who ’ s trading NVDA stock on Sunday night when the market is closed for Labor Day on Monday ? Where are you getting that number ? CNN after hours it ’ s barely moved down . 11 % .
To quote a famous line , " The boat be sinking " .
Buy back and hold the fucking line boyz
It ’ s gonna go up . Take this opportunity of the dip to add more and hold long term .
BUYING OPPORTUNITY .
Moving back up overnight on RobinHood ( relatively speaking )
i'm just glad this volatility is gonna juice up the premiums for shorting options
Im avg 110 , hoping its not gonna drop more than that . Missed the 130 to TP and was greedy .
It was coming , be smarterzzz .
It was priced for perfection . I sold a bit this morning . Will buy again after the sell off .
In a vacuum , nvdia will dominate and is doing great .. in the short to medium term ; it ’ s not looking great .. I think we retreat $ 100 then go back to $ 130s . Look at meta . Amazing earnings , Then proceeded to drop like a rock then recover .. MM are planning on options to expire , then buy back shares with OTM calls .
OP lacks the ability to do math and also lacks BALLS .
Once again I call it for anyone that listened : Easy $ 114 . Dude gave you a hint when he sold $ 120 million . 88-109
50 $ stock . Only de buying the bubble . Deserve to loose everything
Got laughed at . Like the last Apple call of 166 that minted good returns again . Got laughed at that last call too . Enjoy
Got laughed at . Like the last Apple call of 166 that minted good returns again . Got laughed at that last call too . Enjoy
No I wasn ’ t crazy enough to buy calls but Nvidia has a new “ long term investor . ”
I'm losing on all my calls that are weeks away from expiration
We are many . We are mighty .
I have long call expiring on 11/15 . But I also hedge it with put expiring on 27/9 . So I am still gonna live .
Exactly !
Curious why does good news means price drops . Total novice here .
The news is good , but not great . Forward projections are good , but not great , as far as investors and P / E ratios are concerned . Having said that , if forward projections are conservative now for next quarter , and then the absolutely crush it next quarter - well then - the gloves come off .
[ deleted ]
Man that ’ d be a horrible gamble , if true
Nothing like sink showers at the local Greyhound Bus station bathroom
He sold his one floor bungalow in Toronto ?
Hope he ’ s not on the streets now 😂
If he was long term , he should be alright .
He probably went to go kiss a 🚂 or measure the distance from the tallest building in his city to the sidewalk .
[ deleted ]
That ’ s about 400 mil shares . Or just about slightly over 1 day ’ s volume . I don ’ t think that ’ s going to matter much unless they deploy it immediately to prop up stock price like what apple most likely did .
Drop in the fucking bucket . They probably won't even do it .
It's been 130 since the beginning of June lol . And ... I have them out to October at least
You know the Wendy's Frosty has NO dairy products in it ? None
So they are predicting it hits 110 or lower soon
where do you watch options volume ? which site ?
Start picking up change buddy .
Wendy's is always hiring
Sounds like you gamble with stocks . Just hold and watch it grow . This will not be the last dip for nvidia . Work your ass off at your 9 to 5 and wait for the next dip .
Yeah Ik I was here when it went to $ 91 . Been holding for a while .
If i only knew they would lower price when exceed earnings . I used up all my buying power today . Enjoy the dip .
Only if it ’ s Jensen ’ s
Or 2 from Curb and Suzzie , that's how u do it !
It he works at subways it ’ s an easy footlong logo
Time to make some more oil .
It won ’ t
under 100
$ 59 avg , but only because I loaded up again at $ 98 .
~ $ 70 . Still disappointed in what ’ s happening now .
Hopefully I can get it under 120 tomorrow morning
I'll consider buying some at fiddy .
88 or under
Anything under $ 115 is a great buy imo
its a meme / joke , don't take posts here so seriously .
I was wondering who bought that from me !
Brother this post is from 4 days ago .
Always buy da dip
unironically it seems that way
Zero effect on how it behaves tomorrow .
implied volatility was 10 % . all options will get crsuhed in the morning .
Historic volatility doesn ’ t affect premiums , implied volatility does …
Someone sold when it was $ 50 , it seems
You ’ re probably still getting laughed at
Me too
Smart to wait until it became the most valuable company in the world to invest .
Mighty bad holders for sure !
lol , your date convention confuses me
Market does not make sense anymore . 5 years ago it was very predictable . There is no working strategies anymore as it's more or less just gambling . I'm pretty sure it's related to the fact that the 10 biggest portfolios make up a majority of the entire markets value which is 90 trillion or so . So when those portfolios move things it can make the market move weird since it's hundreds of millions if not billions being moved . It's not a free market anymore .
The performance can never be as big as the hype
Same following
Nobody knows . Market sometimes does what you expect 6 it doesn't . This is one of them times .
Estic
Damn
Lol
Hope he ’ s okay
I think he deleted his post . But this is the guy . https://www.reddit.com/u/SpecialistProfit8404/s/Pwzd3u8At7 I found the post via my comments because i commented but can ’ t share a link because its deleted
could Apple prop up nvda tomorrow ? Tim and Jensen are besties .
Who knows .
I think they will wait for another dip or so . just like what apple did .
More like 120 average since June . 130 will be the new baseline within 7 business days . Thats just my take . I knew it was going down today . Way too much hype I do think it will go up the next few weeks .
I thought frosty was made of condensed milk , so it would be more efficient to store long term ?
It ’ s definitely a possibility , after today ’ s sell off and this miss , the market might take a step back again tomorrow . Anyone with a $ 125 or higher call expiring Friday basically lost all liquidity . There were over 350,000 calls $ 130 and up expiring Friday that are going to be worthless .
Holy fuck . People on this sub are absolutely clueless about options and different ways they could be used
Market Chameleon
I ’ m hoping it ’ ll keep dipping this week so I can load up on more shares in the short term
That's a little weird buddy
That ’ s niceeee
117 after hours on RH . ATM
Ha ha my bad . Makes sense post earnings they were down a bunch after hours . This post was just pushed to me . NVDA will be king for at least another 2-3 years out with others so far behind .
i was referring to volatility ( now ) effecting premiums on new positions
strong positive correlation between both for NVDIA
Especially because he posted this exact thing 3 times here
Ditto . I will be a rollercoaster ride - hang on ! I did sell enough to cover my investment - so i would panick .
[ deleted ]
Nvidia would be at 150 I think if it was the largest market cap . Apple is beating them by a half trillion .
its actually not a bad strategy . what if you had invested in apple or microsoft when it became # 1 ?
27 of Sep .
We can ’ t set trends , only ride them . In these times using fundamentals helps the most .
Too many people gambling on margins .
> 5 years ago it was very predictable . babawhaahahahahaha .. ahh ... sorry .
who owns those portfolios ?
Hmm interesting
[ deleted ]
If OP bought in at $ 106 and got out even after hours today they're up 10 % so they made money . Not sure that justifies selling a house
lol if i were huang i ‘ d tell my people to deploy tomorrow some of that 50B . People have herd instincts if they see the price propped up selling would be a lot less otherwise . Apple ’ s ER was also lackluster and on the 1st day people sold but i am pretty sure they used a lot of that buyback to keep the price sandbagged which has helped it to actually gain when in fact nothing good has actually happened .
I was saying more for my option strike prices . But you're right . I had that weird feeling that it would too . But , they got in my head . I pulled everything out earlier this week smh . The gods want it down , thou shall go down .
It has some dairy in it . 🤣 Its an old wives tale
I don ’ t mess with options . Zero clue really . Sounds fun but too risky
Hahah
When I bought it was ~ 470 / share ( pre-split ) and I saw it go down to low 400 ' s in the next couple of months , just kinda forgot about it . It makes up way to much of my portfolio ATM , but I def don't think it will go below 55 / share ... right ?
Yeah likely will go up premarket
Sure hope so 🙏
but if you are buying options you want the premiums low .
Of course it ’ s correlated with its own history . That doesn ’ t imply anything about the direction of movement . Volatility always drops after earnings . There was a lot of uncertainty and suddenly there is less . Look at all of the previous earnings calls for nvda and look at implied volatility pre - and post-report . If you hold an option through an earnings call you ’ re betting that the price movement will make up for the loss in IV .
He just sold a bunch for millions in profit . And are you actually chirping Warren buffet ?
so what he's saying is you'll be alright in 40 years OP !
no theyre right . anyone going long into nvidia in the last month is crazy there are a lot of better investment opportunities than a stock that depends on what is arguably a bubble
Nvidia is not the largest now , I ’ m just assuming based on OP ’ s comment they invested at the highs when Nvidia was larger than Apple . I ’ m not even hating on holders , despite the downvotes , I ’ m one myself . I ’ m just saying the 20x gain has happened . Now that it ’ s among the beasts the gains won ’ t be as crazy .
So what ’ s the 11th of the 15th month ?
this right here . I only gamble my shares never on margin . I don't need to make dozens of thousands of dollars per option I am fine with a few hundo to a few dozen hundo . slow and steady and never risk it all .
You may have heard of them , often referred to as " they " or " them "
Black rock and other very large agencies . Buffet was big but not really big enough to influence the market as he only had a portfolio worth 280 billion . That's still a large amount but it's a bit less than one percent of the total capital in the market
Blackrock .
In his post he said he and his adult son and were both “ all in ” on NVDA . Wonder if they work at the same Wendy ’ s or different ones .
Who knows but the post was from a couple Of days . Think he had bought in at 120 ’ s .
nothing good ? Apple Intelligence ? iPhone 16s are coming !
😁
I'll put it simply so you can have an idea . As long as there's enough time ( contracts have expiration dates ) on your contract left and the price moves in the direction you chose then option contract premium ( price of a contract ) will be increasing ( your profit increases ) . Stock price doesn't have to go to strike price written on a contract . Example : NVDA $ 110 PUTS expiring this Friday today ( Wednesday ) closed 51 % higher than they closed yesterday ( Tuesday ) $ 106 per contract -> now costs $ 160 per contract . Evenhough NVDA price hasn't reached 110 today . If you bought those contracts yesterday before close and sold today before close you would make a profit . You are not obligated to wait until contracts expire . You can buy and sell them at any moment .
On a thursday before a long weekend ? yeash , I don't think so .
Yup
" Of course it ’ s correlated with its own history " . Exactly my point . " That doesn ’ t imply anything about the direction of movement . " I didn't mention direction . " Volatility always drops after earnings " - Not true . " Look at all of the previous earnings calls for nvda and look at implied volatility pre - and post-report . " Yes please do check . I rest my case . Thanks .
i think he was making the point that holding the most valuable companies isn ’ t unheard of if one of the most famous investors did the same thing for years .
Well buffet is about 90 + so he really is Mr . Long term
Do you have any suggestions I saw one being mentioned as the next explosive tech stock but most of those articles are bulkshit
11th of Sagittember
15 of November
and who are these " they " ?
Jesus … . 😱
IIRC some of that is delayed at least in Europe . And apple still depends too much of its sales in china which it has become a 4th or 5th option . It is trying to use India so we will see how that pans out . Apple is a mature company now with most of its innovation and growth behind them , so they are a good solid buy but it ’ s not like it is 2005 apple .
Got it . Very well said and I appreciate it .
very insightful , I didnt know anything about options either . thank you for your explanation
Are you trying to make the argument that those puts didn ’ t cause downward pressure in the stock price ?
In 25Q1 IV went from 55 to 40 . In 24Q4 IV went from 63 to 44 . In 24Q3 IV went from 49 to 35 . In 24Q2 IV went from 70 to 43 . In 24Q1 IV went from 53 to 41 . In 23Q4 it went from 62 to 51 . In 23Q3 it went from 68 to 53 . You didn ’ t mention anything about the direction of movement ? You literally said IV was going to go up . What are you talking about ?
So you just do the opposite every other time ?
Them obviously
I know
Hmmm some valid points . I guess I don ’ t know squat about nvda or aapl :(
Oh when you said direction of movement I thought you were referring to the ' price ' and not volatility .
Yes . Just like trading . Do the opposite every other time .
It ’ s Opposite Day obviously
When I extreme bullish and the stock has high expected move .
Well fucking hell that guy's ahead of the game
Streets ahead
Lol
At this point set your whole portfolio to mirror her stock decisions - maybe even call it the politician ETF
People were hating on me the past 2 weeks for me posting HOLD ... HOLD ... Some accused me of being a Bear looking to take advantage of others ... Just glad those who did held or bought .. or both .. are enjoying the profits today ! ! !
She simply bought the dip ...
Sold my Microsoft and bought more NVDA … fuck it
Don ’ t mind the Pelosi pump on NVDA , I wish she bought some AMD as well . I own both .
[ deleted ]
Nancy's money came from her husband Paul Pelosi's INVESTMENT COMPANY . https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2021/03/16/fact-check-house-speaker-nancy-pelosis-net-worth-inflated-meme/4707087001/
Le $ $ go ! ! 💎 🙌
Hahahaha .
Sorry this made me laugh a bit . Pelosi has nothing to do with this . We had a Fed decision today , AND META reported and beat plus had this caveat : But the company warned it expects to see “ significant ” capital expenditures growth in 2025 . AND … . AMD beat along with MSFT who also reported more CAPEX spend . Don ’ t give this lady too much credit … she didn ’ t exactly swing it out of the park this year with her PANW trade . All this talk about CAPEX spend = NVDA GPU ’ s . Pelosi purchasing . 0001 % of the average daily volume of 28 billion is not what moved the stock . She bought on a dip at 118 and it sold off to 100 along with many who bought the dip .
Big mama Pelosi strikes again !
Way to pump it up Paul
Lol only going up from here
Unusual Whales Subversive Democratic Trading ETF
Follow the fairy godmother boys ! ! !
Remember she will move to oil in the next month or so . Nvidia is going to tank when the hedgies pull out for the election cycle . Insider birdie some bad news coming down the pipeline . Get safe people .
Pelosi lowkey the goat
These posts are garbage . Largest company in the world and you all act like Pelosi knows some secret .
Having all of that inside information must help a bit , never hurts ;-)
PUMP THE JAMS ! ! !
No one without insider info
lol , anyone who held through 2020 and 2022 aren't panicing
Might as well buy and sell half my position if it ’ s going to do these big swings .
Her buying these blue chip comoanies doesn ’ t bother me a bit . If she was buying companies that no one has heard if and then they explode , I would have an issue .
I mean I heard she bought some back around $ 130 too . If she knew everything why would she have done that ?
Let ’ s her trade !
If that ’ s all it was that brought it up then it ’ ll go back down again before earnings .
Some of these are short covers . Prepare to hit 108 again by Friday then slowly go up again
Its her husband , not her that buys stocks ...
Seriously ... you need insider info to make money off of Nvidia ? A blind squirrel could make money off of this thing
Sure ... She was heavy in Protera last year also . Lol
Kk
It ’ s her husband investing , not her n00b .
It would be useless , these trades by congressmen are disclosed to the public weeks or months after the fact , so you're already late to the party .
I wish there is an ETF which literally track Pelosi
She doesn't make decisions , her husband is the stock trader
I think they have a democratic ETF . It slips my mind but I believe it even has a funny name . If I find it I'll update Update : yeah it's below ' NANC '
So , just a quick question : and yes , it is rhetorical and facetious because I know the answer . Why doesn't anybody track the 8 people ahead of Pelosi ? She isn't the most successful historically , nor the most successful in the past year . Odd , though , that if somebody looks at Brian Higgins and his returns , they see that they were from NVDA bought in 2021 . Most Democrats tend to follow tech stocks , and rising sectors . Republicans are starting to have lower and lower returns because of the stagnant , backward thought process of investing in oil companies , sinking sectors , etc .. And we can trace a lot of this behavior to the very ethos of each party , ideology , etc ... It's funny , too , that more liberal members of Congress will still try to regulate , regardless of their investments . While people like McCaul ( R ) , blatantly advocate for policy and law that would directly benefit them . Keep the country and the entire planet held back with their regressive policy , simply for personal gain . I am a hardcore progressive . Many of you would call me a " sOciAlisT , cOmMy , MarXiSt " , and would be correct in 1 of 3 . But I also exist in this world and am invested in NVDA and VOO for my wife and I , our retirement , etc .. The entire framing is fucking weird . If somebody wants to debate policy , like how members should be restricted in their ability to trade while in Congress , I'm game . Otherwise , I would welcome an explanation as to why people still single out Pelosi . Misogyny is not a valid excuse . [ Top Traders in Congress ] ( https://www.fool.com/research/congressional-stock-trading-who-trades-and-makes-the-most/ )
The crazy thing is : yes she has great returns , but i've read she barely makes it top 10 among congress .
The Polosiolio
That didn ’ t age well
Ah she's one of us
Why put all your eggs in one basket ? You should diversify into an index
AMD is doing fine , just hold .
thats cause she isnt buying , its her husband
It's amd news that moved it . I also bought amd this week
Lucky you , I forgot to buy some yesterday and it went up today
No worries she made enough millions on “ her own ” ever since she started insider trading , and probably her husband ’ s firm as well . At the very least her actions give us a bit of a hint of what to hold ;)
Congress always has inside info that regular people can't use or even have access to .
You know for sure there will be no stricter laws for AI , China or crypto till November
Yeah that shit was pure retail bait I ain ’ t falling for it lol I ’ m waiting for election time for anymore splurges fuck this market it ’ s brutal
Well , it can depend . Some laws in congress usually takes months or weeks to pass . Plus the price can surge based on the publicity of the disclosure anyway . The pelosi trade was executed only 4 days ago and it did of course skyrocket today .
Well , you can ’ t always win but Pelosi doesn ’ t trade very frequently so for the most part , you would be OK to enter positions , but you might wanna exit on your own terms
Sometimes the stock is hitting its stride when the news hits
There is
NANC . terrible fees though
$ NANC
Oh yes , there ’ s no way his wife in congress would pass along any information to him whatsoever . That would be unthinkable .
Discaimer : I am also a very far left person . Some may also consider me a socialist . I don ’ t . But whatever . The insider trading problem is an extremely big issue that everyone partakes in . Everyone . I don ’ t see why it would be any different than taking bribes . They are different things but in essence being funded by AIPAC or something else to overturn a bill is essentially equal to passing laws that benefit your portfolio . But if the top 0.01 % in power in the country can use insider info for trading , why can ’ t the rest of the populace ? The laws that politicians pass for their own benefit will pass either way , so taking advantage of their trading is like having the answer sheet for a test right in front of you as you take it . You could avoid it for ethic reasons , but there ’ s no practical reason not to . As for people who single out pelosi for insider trading , there are some reasons why . I won ’ t deny misogyny , as that probably is one . Another is the fact that we become so rich virtually solely because of this trading . Most other multimillionaire politicians got rich from other business ventures / investments , but I think pelosi basically amassed all her fortunes from insider trading ( not entirely sure ) . Another is that she was the speaker of the house for a few years and thus just got more attention in general compared to your average run of the mill senator . There ’ s probably other reasons I ’ m not aware of
I sold everything and bought GameStop instead
diversify = DCA NVDA up and down . there's no 2nd best .
We know … . we are only referring to Pelosi by extension , since it is her disclosure
So are you going to support Democrat Senator Ossoff's bill that will restrict all government employees from stock trading ?
What you are not being informed of , is that the SEC doesn ’ t report publicly for the media , her positions until up to 45 days after she ’ s signaled a trade . She could already be out of NVDA … you wouldn ’ t know . She pulled out of Tesla because once it hit a target mark but she sold to go to NVDA just before it hit an even further target … then it dropped hard about $ 40 per share + So don ’ t trust the info you read articles on , they aren ’ t paid for accuracy and due diligence , they are paid to get timely articles made then have their editors proof them for a quick push out to match volume expectations .
On NVDA ? Lol . There ’ s a secret to making money on NVDA ? ! ! !
You realize she ’ s not in leadership anymore ?
Could you mayhaps provide us with the ticker of said ETF ?
They still don't know what's gonna happen with a stock . Her husband is the expert , not her . Even so , NOBODY knows where a stock will end up The only difference is Paul Pelosi has tons of money and we don't
Truly regarded 🚀 🚀 🚀
That's diversified ?
wrong
Fuck yes . I don't think Pelosi's " insider trading , " when she buys NVDA ( there's actually insider info that hurt the price more than helped it ) ... And there's a LOT of Senators who just trade and lose money ... but , there's no reason to even have that temptation there and obviously there is insider trading . I don't follow Pelosi's trades , I know of a few examples that SEEM to be blatant insider trading ( The 4 Senators who made a lot of money after getting a briefing early on in Covid ... ) . If she bought TSLA before the Biden administration announced rebates , that'd be an example of possible insider trading . I don't care if you believe in insider trading in one case or another , they make a couple hundred K , they get a pension , health care . Tommy Tuberville has whined that people would be less inclined to run for office . Just hand it off to a wealth manager . It's real simple . Pick one or the other .
Hold on , let me ask Nancy .
I know but she still more information then others
NANC
Riiiigggghhhhtttt He is just that awesome . Like 700 % gains GTFOH
Sure dude .. if you ’ re naive enough to believe that , fine . But good luck trying to convince anyone else . Unless you ’ re Nancy ’ s throwaway account . Then the username checks out .
Sorry to break it to you , but Santa Claus isn't real .
Lol , my man I ’ m being sarcastic … .
Her husband , not her ...
More info on NVDA ? Lol .
Damnit usually when i find out about something is when its too late to make any money from it . Sorry guys just discovered this now .
Unusual Whales Subversive Democratic Trading ETF
Been investing since I discovered it
Brb dropping 5 grand
Thank you my good man . 100 % dump incoming
Dude I thought it was a joke . The ticker checks out . Literally
welcome to reddit lmao
Ahah
the fact its up almost 100 % too
In what way is it up almost 100 % lol
Look at the one year chart .
Which is + 26 %
Feb of 2023 puts it at around 50 % I call that pretty wild as a meme etf .
I mean I don ’ t disagree , I ’ m just saying it ’ s never been close to a 100 % gain
Dieselcock always dropping Gems
For he has spoken and I shall listen
“ Stop trying to time the market . ” Me : Trying to time the market using this very analysis .
For some reason , I read your posts in Morgan Freeman ’ s voice , so calming and reassuring . Thank you for your wise words .
You gave me comfort to sleep tonight man , thank you
Wife , at 10:22 this morning : I want out of Nvidia ! ! all out ! ! There's a recession coming ! Me : Based on what ? Wife : I read an analyst on Google .. they said get out before the Fed blows it up .. Me : Are you daft ? ? ! ! Remember we read those four posts just last night by diesel cock ? Remember he talked about a minor pull back in the next few days ? This is that pullback .. Wife : This is what he was talking about ? ? Me : Yes .. remember he thought a meager return to $ 115 was possible , but it didn't seem likely ? And earnings is just next week , and a run to $ 150 is on the table ? Maybe higher ? Wife : Why didn't you make that abundantly clear last night ! ? * smacks forehead . * Apparently , everything wrong in her life is my fault ... I swear .. I'm gonna take her to the mall . Let her know I'm going for a pack of smokes , drive away , and just keep going .. All because she relies on news from Google headlines
You do us all a great service .
This dude don't miss
I get more worried when there ’ s a run up to earning and there isn ’ t a sell off / pull-back prior to earnings day … Make me feel like the institutional investors are lurking 👀 in the background waiting to short the stock post earnings report .
Prophet of profit
I do not know how to read
This user has always been right in the past 6 months ( since I started following ) . Does that mean that the market approximate movements are actually “ somewhat ” predictable if you ’ re very advanced in analyzing very complicated technicals ?
is Sam Weiss = Diselcock ?
u / Dieselcock ... two-part question if allowed . Just curious if there are any analysts you follow / watch or hold in high regards - not limited to Nvidia / AI / Tech but of course those are of interest . Every investor journey is different and curious how you got from there to here today - you seem to be more right than wrong without all of the hyperbole we often find online with ridiculous price targets . I don't take any one voice as gospel , however yours is one of a handful that i absolutely pay attention to . Really appreciate these posts .. thank you for taking the time ! ! !
TLDR : Sell off because of Jackson Hole Jerome Powel speech . Stock market rises on Dovish speech today . CAPEX on NVDA continued in earning reports this season . NVDA will beat and go higher .
Meanwhile NVDA heading for 130
Basically waiting for Wed after hours to rocket ? Lol
Theyre trying to shake you off . Hope it drops more so i can get more
And now hear the holy words of Dieselcock . Blessed are those who don ’ t time the market but rather have time in the market . This the holy word .
Also I would like to add that tomorrow is Jackson Hole symposium . Market could very well rally back to its highs and by extension NVDA close to 130 .
I feel pretty lucky considering I sold my aug 23 calls at the height when NVDA hit $ 30.50 for good gains . I saw it kept hitting the iron curtain and decided it wouldn ’ t go any higher . Glad I did as it tumbled and would have easily lost every on that trade .
That ’ s the most thorough analysis I have read yet ! Thank you for allowing me to breathe again !
is there another double top in play for NVDA ?
In all of the gems here ... this one stuck out to me as especially valuable . As someone who gets a serotonin blast out of buy / sell ... it is against my nature to set it and forget it . How i get around that is keeping 5-10 % available as ' trade ' money , with everything else as ' invest ' money and untouched . It's actually worked out pretty well for me personally . * Now are there opportunities to enhance returns a little by using a very small subset of capital to leverage oversold trades . Sure . But core-position wise , you should just be long the stock and don ’ t think about it . *
I appreciate his DD . The sell off wasn ’ t that much and a lot of this had to do with Jackson Hole . As far as NVDA rallying today that was in line with J Powells dovish speech at Jackson Hole . This sort of movement is fairly consistent with economics data reporting and Fed speak . If you look at the other players in tech you will see a similar chart . AAPL chart looks almost identical to NVDA this AM . As for the NVDA rally coming … that has a lot to do with Hyper-scalers reporting continued CAPEX spend on data centers this earnings season . It is generally considered that NVDA will beat and raise . He is speaking more to historical trends and TA with QQQ and Nasdaq . The RSI on the 1D for NVDA was not horribly overbought . The RSI was in the 60 ’ s and can be pegged above 80 for a few days before reversing . Which can be seen on the 1D chart for some of these big moves this year . The opposite is the RSI getting into the 20 ’ s where an oversold condition tends to reverse fairly soon after on these Mega Cap stocks . So to boil down his post in simple terms : RSI looking overbought , trends showing upside . Keep in mind historically the fall is bullish and extremely bullish post election . So if NVDA beats and confirms the Hyper-scaler CAPEX spend with increased revenue then yes it will rally just like it did last quarter . Going into the fall it could rally even more with the entire SP500 as rate cuts will most likely occur . There is a little more at play here than technical analysis . Don ’ t get me wrong I use TA daily here . But news / economics plays into this as well as fundamentals . What was interesting and he has not responded to my comment on another thread . A few months ago he made a point of saying NVDA would be stuck in the 120 ’ s because of the problem with reaching a 3 trillion market cap . Basically saying it had reached a peak along with most companies at 3T . Now he is saying 200 is the high which would put NVDA at close to a 5 trillion market cap . Curious to why the sudden change of heart .
Shush it ’ s going up
Thanks for the post . It could drop dead tomorrow and it could sky rocket with a slight pull back again , no one knows . Only one thing is certain : we are nearing earnings , and it ’ s gonna bang
Thank you , Dieselcock .
* * Lisan al Gaib ! * * * * Lisan al Gaib ! * *
Thanks as always . So the hourly seems to be the important timeframe . Why is that ? For example , the 4hr is still very high and a immediate uptrend would soon lead to very high RSI numbers . So what is connection / interaction between these different timeframes ? Also the monthly is very high . Doesn't this need to come down at one point ? When I look at the Summer-Fall correction 2023 , it went for months . Is this unlikely in this case , cause 16 % correction is already a bigger one ?
So all in NVDA now ?
Thank you for your time and effort to help you us poor retards understand JK - Subscribed a whole ago .
I took his advice ( or predictive ability ) and sold a bunch of CC . Thanks again Sam
time you spend on day trading NVDA . you should had spent it on yourself , on your loved ones instead .
So I should go all in when that short sell off comes ?
not really much of a pullback .
Bro you predicted the pullback like a wizard . Thank you for the thoughtful analysis .
Hats down to you sir ! You are genius with analytical capacities beyond ! Thank You for the efforts to keep the folks informed , it brought hope and peace of mind to many here ...
In cock we trust , diesel version
Great article . I actually subscribed . I learn that I should pay more attention on the hourly chart , instead of just the daily chart . However , although the techincal side is spot-on , I think it's missing the macro economy factor ( just mentioned a bit ) . I think this year is the inflection point for a lot of things to happen : rate cut , election , japan carry trade etc . As we are on the fence of the first rate cut in so many yeara , things could get very wild as the VIX isn't stable . Tmr we will have Jackson Hold and depending on the choice of words of papa JPow , the technicals suddenly don't matter much any more . And the effect could last a long time .
We went up over 30 % in like 2 weeks . This is a 5 % pull back . The fact this article needs to be made …
When looking at RSI do you typically look at hourly ? What is your bias when looking at RSI graphs ( i . e . you put more weight in hourly , daily , 5m , 1m , etc ) ? I legitimately learned quite a bit about RSI , QQQ and some technicals from this post . It's nice to see some predictability in the market ( that actually makes sense to me ) , well done explaining all of this . You got just technical enough not to lose an average " investor " like myself yet still explain a fairly interesting pattern unfolding . I've subscribed last night or the night before to your website BTW . Anyway thanks , we all wish we had a friend like you and I guess thanks to the internet now all of us here on this sub feel like we do .
Got caught with my pants down .
Wow , that's a pretty accurate analysis , many thanks man . Truly amazing 👏
This man could sell umbrellas in the desert
I only trade when dieselcocks makes a post .
NVDA to $ 200 real soon
I can ’ t read good . Is this going back up tomorrow ?
Appreciate your analysis man ! ! 🙏 🙏 🙏
i love you
Explain this to me like I ’ m 3
🐐
So we ’ re expecting qqq to sell off just a bit more probably tomorrow and then rally the following weeks ? Thanks and good job being spot on , felt prepared for this dip ( puts printed ) !
This is an excellent post . While it ’ s clear to me you ’ ve got a considerable amount of technical knowledge that I do not possess , I noticed some of this trend and it directly correlated with me buying in this week in the 124-125 range . I may exit and reenter in the coming weeks , only time will tell . Thank you for this very informative post .
Hail Imperator Dieselcock !
The diesel cock hath spoken
Jfc , is there a tldr ? Better yet a tldr for the tldr ?
Nice informative post . I added to my NVDA position today along with AMZN and MSFT . Don ’ t plan on selling any in the foreseeable future .
Love that diesel cock . Obviously the op
Okay
Great analysis bro
I shall hold
Sold at open . Timed it just fine 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
We've hit 20 RSI a few times today . Why didn't the bleeding stop then ?
what indicator is used to tell if something is overbought ?
Thank you Mr . Genius .
Love reading your detailed analysis all the time . This is how Reddit should be . lol
I flipped a coin and confirmed all of this . Thank you lucky half dollar !
YOU ARE THE MAN 🐐
In the world of stocks , where numbers dance , A beacon shines with insight ’ s glance . u / Dieselcock , with wisdom keen , Navigates the NVDA scene . Charts and graphs , a language known , He speaks with clarity , brightly shown . An analyst with vision clear , Guiding others year by year . Through market waves and tech ’ s advance , He finds the patterns at first glance . With steady hand and mind so bright , He turns the darkness into light . So here ’ s to you , with skill profound , In forums where your words resound . May your insights always guide , As we follow by your side .
I ’ ll take that sweet load any day
Second best post of the day ! ( and of course the best post of the day is the DC post )
Same a man can't help it 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
Same . It's stopped at 130 once and when it stopped there a second time I knew what time it was . Scared money don't make money
His previous post allowed me to time the market for basically the only time in my life .
Meanwhile , since I usually fade Reddit I bought a call for September at open today because I saw his post about a potential pullback .
LMAO , thinking the exactly same thing
Like Mr . Rogers reading a bedtime meditation
I always appreciate good TA before I sleep as well .
Lol , my husband doesn't even know what NVDA does . Just some thing I keep on about .
She needs more deiselcock in her life .
Tell her to shut it
Correct
Yes … OP has good analysis but a lot the selling is because of Jackson Hole .
Wish I had done the same . Was traveling that day and not closely monitoring . Selling those huge winners at steep losses at open today .
Question , isn't Aug - Oct typically red ? Maybe I'm not remembering correctly but I always remember stocks dipping around this time .
My thoughts exactly !
You can also view the RSI on the 1 day chart which is good for tracking overbought oversold conditions . The 1 hour , 30m and 15m are good for short term and swing trading . 5 min and 1 min for intraday . The OP is using the default 30/70 RSI for for determining the overbought oversold conditions . Many times the RSI will push past both of those . A 20/80 RSI setting is good . A stock can go above a 80 RSI and be pegged for days to the upside before selling off . In most cases if a stock hits a 20 RSI a reversal is fast . The 1 Day chart is really good at seeing this . I ’ ve seen NVDA bounce around 80 for days and retreating to a 65-70 RSI for a few days before making another move higher . It is pretty standard TA to watch the RSI and moving averages … especially the 200 and 50 on a longer timeframe . The 200 is the Great Wall of China as some people call it . Below is bearish and above is bullish and most likely once crossing the 200 the stock will gravitate to the 50 and test resistance .
I ’ m still learning more about RSIs , is there a standard amount of periods assessed for hourly RSIs ? I read somewhere that most RSIs use 14 periods
Day trading really only takes about an hour and a half at most in the morning if you are into that .
[ deleted ]
Certainly , it would provide you with some shade .
Hopefully it goes to where it was in the morning , 129s
The author expects the decline to end soon and for the market to continue rising , and NVDA with it .
Buy and hold . Stop looking at the price every 5min .
Not really ... It could be at the bottom at any moment .
Buy . Hold . Chill .
Not on the hourly time-frame . The hourly chart means a chart where each bar represents a full hour of trading activity
RSI . This is pretty 101 for charts . Investopedia and many traders have basic indicator videos to help . You should at the very least have RSI , MACD and 20,50 , 100 MAs loaded .
Biught 3 calls right before the bump up . Here's hoping it rallies till until earnings . But I'm not sure if I should hold through or sell
Yep I was able to sell all my calls for significant profit at the top
Or maybe he just likes me going on about leather jackets and what a smart , well-spoken CEO is Jensen .
Stifle it , woman ! Yeah .. no ... but it turns out I am number one , if the solitary raised finger is any clue .. Edited for phrasing
Good to know there is at least some among us who knows how to analyze and provide educated info than just a snapshot of their Robinhood screen and a simple prognosis of ’ today we moon ‘
I hope you waited a few for the recovery pop a bit before selling
Yes that is true . August and Sept are usually the worst months of the year . I did read recently that during election years August is bullish . Oct is usually the time to buy and it can start to turn around before Nov .
True but qqq hit 2 % down today and most selloffs are 4-5 % according to this .
Appreciate that . Mind me asking what your background is ? No info on yout site .
NO LOCKED IN 90 % LOSSES 😭 😭 😭 RIGHT AFTER I SOLD THEY ROCKETED TO 50-300 % GAINS
So would you expect NVDA to dip more in Sept ?
Can you read ? It hit 2.5 % and sell offs are 3-4 % according to this very post , he even said it is technically possible that the 2.5 % is enough of a drop down
Dang sorry to hear , when you got a little time you should have held for any hope for that pop .
Adding that to my trading rules . If rules are violated for whatever reason and stop loss is exceeded , and an options position is 0DTE and down 90 % as of previous close , may as well hold to capture a potential recovery . Revenge traded some SPY calls after - unrealized 30 % atm . Couldn't set a trialing stop without getting PDT restrictions ffs - was trying to be responsible .
When you see a major drop , expect a major gain .
Its not about NVDA anymore . Its the entire world market . Basically anyone holding long is losing rn
I would like this to be true , yet there seems to be significant potential for a deeper and longer market correction , with tech at the forefront . If this bears out ( pun intended ) , how long for NVDA and other AI stocks to recover ATH ? 🤞 Hope for the best , plan for the worst .
As I said somewhere else “ Huang in there , folks ! ”
Guys sit tight . This stock is heading lower as we speak . No need to rush into buying as the economy is starting to show signs of weakness and it takes time to fully unravel . We all know high fliers like NVDA will get slammed despite all the positive notes . Market will sell hard and find a baseline in which it will build off of . Just be patient
The cock returns to guide us 🙏 🙌
I have no money for dips !
$ 150 by December ! I'm buying more on this total market correction . NVDA is going on Sale . Don't throw the baby out with the bath water !
You haven ’ t been wrong so far when it mattered
This is all normal . The reactive amateurs are running scared . Time to buy if you have dry powder .
When NVDIA is dark I grab my fleshlight and hope for a Dieselcock post
I hope this sub doesn ’ t end up like r / superstonk
I think this is true . I think the market right now is giving everyone a great opportunity to invest in tech . I don't think people will want to divest away from tech very much given how much money tech companies are taking in as revenue and profits right now . NVDA is currently a hell of a deal . They have more money , more cash , and more orders than they can even fill . Demand is rising for their products , not falling . They could double their supplies today and they still wouldn't have enough product to meet demand . They will blow out earnings in 2 or 3 weeks . NVDA is the safest , smartest investment you can make in the stock market today .
Agree .. now is the time to be reminded that Time in the market is more important than timing the market because we simply can ’ t effectively time the market . With that said , however , if you need to take profits from NVDA to do something else like buy real estate , then by all means do it now before NVDA dips another 20 % .
Once again I appreciate your advising every time . Your record on predictions are public and often accurate . If I had more liquidity I'd buy more but I've bought the dip on your advice and similar advice I've read and also believe . Here's to hoping the decline does not continue , this next week or two will be telling and I will stay tuned for any updates .
I don't often contribute here as I have little value to add but one point I want to contribute that is never brought up is that China has 2 months out of the year to invade Taiwan , the first was around April iirc , the other is October due to rough seas outside of those 2 windows . October is a month to be cautious imho . Remember that almost everyone was caught off guard by the invasion of Ukraine and this invasion would cause significant problems for the market as a whole , but more importantly it would significantly and directly impact NVDA likely for years to come .
[ deleted ]
Where you been Diesel ! ! !
I believe you Dieselcock !
This is going to be the buying opportunity of a lifetime on the pullback
😂
Lol I give up . Whole stock market has gone to shit
For as fast as Nvidia has gone down , the climb back up when it happens will be just as fast or faster than the descent
Maybe it will hit 150 maybe it won't . You invest in one stock you are much more likely to get burned than just investing in the whole market .
In Jensen we trust , invest we must
In Disealcock we trust .
Your words to god .
Hold the calls ! These corrections are temporary and helathy . We will be revesring with revenge .
yo i bougth back NVIDIA on this dip my ACB is $ 102i ' m not doing this only because of ur announcement but it helped keep my thoughts in lineso tyvm
Man , people have no patience . Everyone wants returns now . I bought NVDA over 2 years ago and have held through everything and now have 240 shares at an average price of $ 24 a share . The only people that should worry when the market goes down are those that are retired and use this income to live now . If you are under the age of 50 you really should not worry when the market goes down like this because statistically speaking you will be around long enough to see things recover . Have an exit plan in place but if that exit plan doesn't pan out make adjustments or just hold until you are ready to retire . I'm 28 now . If my exit plan doesn't hit then my NVDA stock is being held for the next 30 years . Nothing to stress about .
We go up 💯 💯 💯
The dip before the rip ! !
Aug 2024 = new ATH of $ 160 Nov 2024 = new ATH of $ 200 Feb 2025 = new ATH of $ 240
Maybe . But I don ’ t think any company will be 4T market cap during a deep recession
I sure hope so . My Jan 25 calls for $ 150 look like total A $ $ at the moment .
Retail bagholders are being created right now ..
It seems to me the industries we have invested in are generally strong and our economy is strong , I think this is a hyperactive response to the fed not dropping rates , new jobs dropping , and a potential war . Fundamentally the economy is pretty good
If there was ever a point Nvidia was at a generational buying point - this has to be it if you didn ’ t buy in a couple years ago . The world is on fire right now but when everyone is running for their hills and you still believe in a company , that ’ s when you buy mid 90s to 100
I mean , a little has changed lol cmon now
I encourage people to take a look at the tsla chart around 2020 - 2023 . Volatile stocks are volatile , just as quick as they drop , they can rocket up
Dieselcock is the man … . Presumably
2025 option holding eh … the markets will get back up but before that it will destroy some more I believe
RemindMe ! 2 months
OP I am curious to hear your thoughts on the following if you would be so kind . 1 . Does the broader market sentiment concern you with the dubbed recession of all recessions ? If we do enter this crash , how long do you suspect a recovery to take . 2 . Also this news of war escalation leading to bigger problems . 3 . The rumour that Blackwell is delayed by a quarter at least . I ’ m in deep with NVIDIA , fundamentally believe in the company but I can ’ t ride all the way down to eventually get back up . MU and AMD throwing curveballs with a drop after positive earnings more or less
You hope and you wish … so do i
$ 120 may be more like it
It ’ s the entire market now . People couldn ’ t care less , now the tables have turned and people are afraid of a crash . And if one does happen , whether NVIDIA makes earnings or not you won ’ t see $ 150 . In a normal market I would bet my portfolio that with good earnings you would see $ 150 . Now I ’ m not so sure
Would you buy NVDA or NVDL during this dip ? I understand that NVDL has 2x the effect , but are there any drawbacks of holding NVDL long term .
No its not going to $ 150
maybe
This is the time to bite the bullet and buy like a maniac .
What ’ s Nancy Pelosi doing ? Diamond hands ?
It ’ s days like today that I ’ m reminded that Nancy really is retail stock trader like the rest of us .
we are going to have a snap back this week
This thing is being stress tested to the max . I like this company and how resilient it is so far
> NVDA probably gets up to $ 130 - $ 140 by late September to late October as a result . You're completely ignoring macroeconomic fundamentals . Also Sept-Oct tends to be peak volatility during election years . I love Nvdia too , but I think you're predictions are just completely ignoring market fundamentals right now .
Thanks for this post DC ... right or wrong it was a needed therapy session . Cheers !
You're forgetting that the stock market doesn't exist in a vacuum , but in a real world . You know , a world that consists of wars , conflicts , threats of world wars , unemployment numbers , interest rates , uncertainties about presidential elections , etc .
$ 1500 not $ 150
Warren about to buy in
Yes ! Let ’ s all meet somewhere for new years when we do !
[ deleted ]
thank you
The broader market is selling off and NVDA is in every single frickin large cap or growth funds / etfs , not to mention the major index funds . When broader market is selling off , everyone is selling NVDA whether they like it or not . So why the surprise ? ? ?
You guys are delusional . Pay attention to fundamentals & do some actual research on companies other than “ the sucker is going up ! ” NVDA is toast . Not going bankrupt or anything , but it ’ s definitely not going to $ 150 this year . I ’ ll bet you everything I have . Rule # 1 in markets : don ’ t get too sentimental . I made $ 95k in the last week betting against semiconductors . The top is in .
buy lows sell highs
I need to buy you a beer 🍺 ! Your insight is appreciated in the midst of the chaos . Hopefully , we are back roaring next week .
Huang in there folks
This is the copium I ’ m here for 127 calls @ 12/19 / 25 I ’ m smoked
I agree with most of what you're saying . Always good to play devil's advocate though . A recession could drag the market down quite a bit and the cutting rates too quickly to try to salvage a soft landing might actually spin the economy into inflation again , in which case Fed has to suddenly raise interest rates again , again destabilizing things . Seems to me like the economy generally is pretty strong overall , and the AI stuff is a big innovation win for the US , especially as it pertains to geopolitical power and asymmetry with China and Russia . There's also regulatory risk though . Look at today's ruling against Google .
Should I sell so the price goes on a run ? seems to be my superpower
remindme ! 6 months
Do you understand what the market cap will be if it goes to $ 150 by January .
Aint reading allat . Spaceship time ?
I called $ 97 for the lowest at some point but totally with you .
I'm not going to argue price targets in this crazy market but something has changed as the Blackwell chip was delayed . This is not insignificant
What about the news about production flaws in their Blackwell-chip ? Would that not count as something that has ‘ changed ’ ?
I just bought in at 104 $ hopefully that ’ s the end of the crash … wish me luck with my little 2 stock buy in 😂 😂
Thanks for the advice , Diesel Cock
Got my limit order set for $ 91 .
I agree . Have NVDA and NVDY .
Hold , just sit tight , hopefully there is money , cash in your account to pick up shares once the air clears . The real problem is the lack of clarity when the bottom has come , no real buy signal unfortunately
NVDA is , as of this week , at fair value according to my own growth model , which bakes in the next 3 years . Unless there is a big uptick in AI services adoption across industry that eclipses planned infra capacity among the major cloud providers , that is unlikely to change . Beyond 3 years , very hard to say what happens .
No one is talking about dedollarization . Countries moving away from USD and exporting importing in other currencies . This recession is different from the past and will continue longer . There are also unknowns like china invading Taiwan , middle east conflicts getting worse etc . I had 500 msft shares at $ 27 cost basis and cashed out at 443.51 . regarding my 401k and other retirement accounts , I have moved from being 100 % in aggressive growth funds to 60 % now and 40 % in emerging economies
All hail u / dieselcock
Finally some discounts
OP bags are soo heavy he started hallucinating
I remember when their CEO announced its gonna go $ 250 until Jan 25 . Then he started selling .
Just sit down man
These posts are exhausting . It's your money . Do what you want .
It's delusional to think that if the overall market goes down , NVDA will still rally even if your outlook and thesis is correct
I will correct you a little bit , the all time high was on june 18 , not 19 days ago . And today they also annonced one of their new ai chips gets prosponed 3 or more months bcs of design flaws , this will also effect how their report goes , they will probably get up to same all time high in some months but will then go down again unless they release their nee ai chip , they probably wont reach 150 until next april and then 250 in 2026 bcs thats when we gonna see most ai advancements .
You . Are . Delusional it ’ s over man
I think this is ignoring the fact that the bottom is falling out on the hype . When the dust settles all this chip purchasing is going to look like a drunken binge . Nvidia will have a product folks no longer need in the vast quantities that the price previously relied on . Come on folks , this is Intel in the 2000s . Intel never recovered its value . It's exactly the same story .
“ Nothing has changed ” = “ I do not change my beliefs in response to new information . ”
The level of dumbness in this sub is as high as NVDA evaluation . All they want is to comfort themselves for the terrible decisions they made .
Lol , Nvidia ’ s will be $ 70 soon . Realistically , a fair price for Nvidia would be $ 50 .
Why is everyone so obsessed with NVDA ? It ’ s such crap .
Big tech are all over priced too much , no wonder to see another TWLO . All the stock losers believe the correction will end soon and the market will be back . So did Japanese in 1990 , hehe .
this is complete FUD . There ’ s no saying when this “ correction / pull back ” will end . There ’ s also no saying when the next bull rally will begin .
Potential bag holding opportunities
Forgive my inocent ignorance , but who ’ s dieselcock and who is he preaching to ? He seems damn cocky in his opinions and he ’ s not even vested in NVDA .
U have no clue . Stop giving advice .
Since Kamala Harris took over stocks have been crashing
That ’ s what happens in a market correction . The entire market goes down . This is a standard correction we see once to twice a year . Do you know what many correction turn into more than that ? 1 in 30 maybe . We just ended a bear market in 2022 . Not due for another until around 2030 . And the economic data doesn ’ t support a protracted sell-off anyhow . GDP just came in at 2.8 % a week ago . One solitary employment report doesn ’ t a trend make . Also , the fed can easily cut rates back to 0 % and reverse its bond selling . We ’ re nowhere near a bear scenario . Not even close . I ’ ve gone 100 of these in my 30 years . I know feel and shape of a bear market . This isn ’ t it . You want to know what a bear market looks like . How about the QQQ falling 35 % inside of a moth . We ’ re down nothing here . Standard correction . It ’ ll be over in the next week or so .
You don't lose until you SELL ... You buy MORE after large dips and have patience
Holding is losing ? Nah … selling it off now is losing .
No ... we aren't . Anyone holding long is losing ? No , we get to buy more stock in companies we believe in at a discounted rate . Only people that think stocks should be green 90 percent of the time don't understand this .
Exactly !
time on market > timing of market
Hopium . Sigh ...
Even in a longer or more protracted correction , the recovery period is very fast . We've seen a few major corrections pre - 2020 . 2018 , 2019 and 2020 all saw massive corrections that preceded swift recoveries back to all-time highs . So here we may get a 20 % correction , but the recovery comes almost immediately after and we get back to the highs by year end .
In general the faster the plunge , the faster the recovery . I think that's because crashes tend to happen because of FUD . At the bottom the investors realize they have trillions in dollars in cash because they sold and then it goes back into the market . I don't know about 150 by the end of the year ... that's a > 50 % jump from where it right now , but I would think we could see 120 .
Nah . Biotech is diving down too . For no reason . Even companies who don ’ t have products out cash in serves for 3-4 years of research with hiring and not cutting . Are diving .
What about the Sahm rule as well with unemployment going up 3 straight quarters ? It seems like no one is hiring and recruiters are just playing games on linkedin . Really weird times .
Now it's just time to suck in the losses .
No individual stock is the “ safest and dmartest investment in the stock market . ” Something so fundamentally incorrect like that makes it difficult to take you seriously . Also , you can ’ t make money ok orders you can ’ t fill . And you can ’ t charge more than the market will pay . Nvidia ’ s revenue is not unlimited . Risk and reward tend to be linked . There ’ s no amazing reward stock with no risk . You seem to think there are no risks , or Nvidia is less risky than others , which seems unrealistic .
" NVDA is the safest , smartest investment you can make in the stock market today . " bro its beta is 1.68
buddy demand is rising but for companies WHO USE specialized equipment . The stock is going to take a hit when they reveal the 5090 is 2500 dollars . Lets be realistic . Gamers have so many options why would they buy overpriced parts ? On the other hand this stock will rise but in due time
So how much you holding man ? I appreciate your optimism but this looks to be a much bigger issue and I feel like NVDA caused this with there massive swings of volatility fuck NVDA
If war breaks out and I die , that'll keep me from panic selling , so in the long run it'd probably be better for my portfolio
All of that is just fear
No recession . No war . That's all typical fear mongering . We see it every correction . You can't have corrections without fear .
Thats your coping mechanism ? war ? goddam you're special
The market always recovers , if it doesn't , that probably means you're either too dead to care or have much bigger problems than how you'll retire at that point .
Arabs / Persians are incapable of waging war , and Jyna has not indicated in any way that they are mobilizing to take TSMC-island . There will be no war , and if Hezbollah tries anything they will be 100 % run over by the IDF .
If Lockheed wanted to integrate some Nvidia GPU in their raptors , Nvidia to the Sun
No it hasn ’ t . I ’ ve been through literally 100 corrections in my career . I have a lot of experience in this . Edit : this comment was a reply to a comment that was changed .
lol deep recession . What recession ! ? GDP just came in at 2.8 % just a week ago . Nice recession .
Don ’ t worry . It ’ s soon go from A $ $ to “ Damn ! What a piece of A $ $ ! ”
Totally correct . And the comparison is exactly right . When you rally from $ 700 to $ 1400 in a short period of time . You can expect a sell-off down to $ 900 . Tesla went from $ 1400 down to $ 700 back up to $ 1400 like it was nothing . NVDA will do the same and this won ’ t be the first time it happens .
Dieseldildo ?
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [ * * 2024-10- 05 09:38 : 00 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-10-05%2009:38:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ekjdxf/nvda_still_going_to_150_by_january/lgl03p1/?context=3 ) [ * * 12 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ekjdxf%2Fnvda_still_going_to_150_by_january%2Flgl03p1%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-10-05%2009%3A38%3A00%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ekjdxf ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
You can ’ t get scared away every time the market has a correction . Because they ’ re supposed to happen twice a year . The last true correction we had was a year ago . It began in August of 2023 . They ’ re going to happen and a lot of fear mongering is going to take place as it does in every correction . You need to plan for corrections to happen and the coinciding FUD that follows .
NVDA for sure . Forget the 2x leveraged funds . They ’ re not always accurate and just not the same thing . If you want to leverage , buy very very DITM calls . They ’ re safer and give better leverage .
I have the same question
Yes . Yes it is
Nancy ‘ Diamond Hands ’ Pelosi
They ’ re not . I don ’ t own Nvidia . I invest market based ETFs . We ’ ve reached peaked volatility .
Great . How does that change from one week to the next . The market is always under threat of some potential risk . And even so , we don ’ t crash in every single correction . We go down 10-15 % , stop and rally . Why is this time not going to lead to a bear market ? Because all of those risks are relatively benign . We ’ re talking about risk of catching the common cold , maybe the flu . Not cancer . When you ’ re experienced enough , you ’ ll know the difference . The selling pressure is typical a big tell . And I see a market that can ’ t even hold its losses on a big overnight beating .
Or maybe it ’ s a poster who is so experienced and has watched this exact thing play out so many times in the past that he ’ s confident in how it ’ s all likely to play out ( and wants to point that out ahead of time ) .
The top is in based on what ? Do you what brings me here . I have very sparingly gone long in Nvidia . Originally , I wanted nothing more than to shit on the stock . After all , you see a company fly from $ 100 to $ 1000 from $ 100B to $ 2T , it looks like nothing less than a bubble . So I ran a full financial analysis on Nvidia with cognitive bias to the bear side . When I went to write a piece on the stock , I couldn ’ t put a bear case together . Even at $ 900 a share , the fundamental , earnings growth and forward P / E indicate the stock is still undervalue . And that is without even deeply considering the potential future fundamentals . We ’ re talking just earnings growth . The company has the earnings . If it sat here at these levels for a year , it would trade at a 15 P / E ratio . So how do you figure ? Because the market sustained a correction ? What else do you expect ? For stock to just rise into perpetuity ? We ’ re still in like the third inning of this bull market . It still has several years to go . Don ’ t take this sell-off for anything more than it is . A basic correction . Bull market to bull market , we usually see a 100 % rise in stocks . The previous bull market peak was at $ 408 on the QQQ . This bull market took it to $ 503 . That ’ s not even 25 % .
See you at $ 240 / share
Over 3 trillion and we touched 141 .. so not sure where your going with this comment
NVDA will be first to $ 4T ... THIS MONTH
No . The overall story isn ’ t altered . Just to give you an idea of how much the market cares about that , NVDA at $ 103 is trading much higher than the market was last week . So even though the broad market has made SUBSTANTIAL new lows , NVDA has gone nowhere in that time . It has outperformed the market in the last week and a half
Wait for it ! It ’ s not finished yet !
bro is buying the dip as we speak
He sold . 03 % of his stake
The overall market is going to go down is the point .
NVDA Melius Comments on Reports of Potential NVDA's Blackwell Design Flaws " The issue with Blackwell could impact upside for Nvidia's third and fourth quarters . This concern has the makings of something that could get overblown if Nvidia were to drop markedly from here . We find it hard to believe all buying plans for Blackwell from Tier 1 and Tier 2 clouds will decrease materially even if delayed a bit – but some could . "
Damn I wish I could predict the future like you
Shhhh reality is gonna hit a lot of people here hard but I hope they actually learn from this and not to FOMO and buy the top of a bubble in the future
No . It ’ s just that the information is already baked in . Hence why I stated Nvidia could easily go to $ 90 first before it rallies . It ’ s not even at $ 90 yet …
Not based on the fundamentals , earnings and future P / E ratio .
You should short the stock
I bet I ’ ll call it within a few days . I ’ ve seen that many correction and know when they ’ ll end . Calling correction bottoms is far far far easier than calling market tops . That ’ s because there ’ s only finite distance to 0 and an infinite distance to infinity . And practically speaking , the market has theoretical thresholds it won ’ t cross . The NASDAQ - 100 just hit a 30 - RSI on the daily . Most corrections end right there . Don ’ t believe me . Go check the chart yourself .
Just an average guy who very unwisely choose a poor username he cannot change and is just giving his outlook for the masses . He ’ s a man of the people . An every day Sam .
Great insight . You are spot on . Thanks for your post
So youre saying keep dollar cost averaging the same way I have every week for the last year ?
Oh he knows the feel and shape of a bear market . I ’ m convinced and will now buy 1000 shares of nvda
What about the Sahm indicator , and unemployment going up for 3 straight quarters ?
If you are aware of the Japanese market problem , you might start to question if this is just a market correction . Regardless , I am still buying NVDA .
what can you say about LETFs ? should we hodl ?
Are you 30 years old or have been in the market for 30 years because there is a huge Market difference between the two .
Do you think there is further downside from here ?
How did you learn about all of those things you just said ?
Famous last works by folks who kept buying right before the dot com bubble burst , the financial markets melted in 08 , and a once in a 100 year pandemic that hit in 2020 which is still having negative effects on the economy . More importantly , unemployment came out on Friday and for the 5th straight month it ’ s gone up . Along with the last 3 month average that had unemployment a half a percentage point higher from its low of the past year . That ’ s the main indicator since the 70 ’ s that a recession is underway . Also you can ’ t compare NVDA tanking in April to now as we are in different market conditions . Also add the markets going into the 2 worst months ( Aug / Sep ) for the stocks vs back in April / May that are the 2nd best time to buy stocks after Oct / Nov . Last lets not forget the global market ( China , Japan ) is having issues , the continue war in Ukraine , the BS between Iran / Israel , and uncertainty of the election that might see a traitor get reelected back into office . Fundamentally how will our country / society and the rest of the world function under project 25 and a dictator in the white house ? What happens between China / Taiwan cuz Trump bff is Putin . What happens if Trump pulls out of NATO and Putin escalates the war in Ukraine and then decides to invade another country . What happens if one of those countries is a NATO country and again theres no US support to thwart the conflict ? Lots of shit that can happen before now to Jan . I re-up my shares again at $ 105 but doesn ’ t mean I don ’ t have concerns while the world is on 🔥
I bet you were a dogetard too
Could be waiting years
to ultimately bag hold .
Right ... weird way to word it . Shorts are down bad not longs lol
It took us two years to reach a new ATH between 2022 and 2024 , six years from 2007 to 2013 , and seven years from 2000 to 20007 . The only shockingly rapid correction was in 2020 due to COVID , which only took 6 months . January is five months away . We have no idea what to expect in that timeframe .
And you know this because past results always dictate the future or ? …
> Even in a longer or more protracted correction , the recovery period is very fast . We've seen a few major corrections pre - 2020 . 2018 , 2019 and 2020 all saw massive corrections that preceded swift recoveries back to all-time highs . Those weren't recessions though . A recession potentially spills over into a protracted lapse in demand that weighs on hiring . The Covid recession is unique , but interesting and did seem to reveal a lot of strength in the economy . I think that basically since the GFC the economy has gotten a lot healthier overall . ETFs and greater liquidity have also been a boon to the markets .
> So here we may get a 20 % correction A 20 % correction is ... a bear market lol
THis is great fan fiction
We won't get 20 % . Maybe 10 %
What drives the bounceback ? The industry is not hungry for their product like they were 6 months ago . We all know AI can't deliver what was being promised . Meta is probably fucked in the markets today .
Thanks , and maybe ? I think NVDA and their business still seems strong within AI and semi's . However , if the market and tech sector do regress significantly - perhaps in response to a longer-term recession or multiple factors ( US elections , US economy , global geopolitical issues , global economy , end of the ' carry ' trade between US / Asian markets , etc . ) . There is certainly FUD right now , but also a host of indicators that have been ignored for far too long in this bull market , and I suspect sentiment has significantly changed .
That ’ s just one component of a faltering economy . It ’ s not the entire pizza pie . Also the fed just came out the am and said if economy really starts to fold they will act faster . It ’ s always a head game for them . Look at all the companies that reported and made money and we haven ’ t even lowered rates .
LOL everyone all of a sudden is on the Sahm wagon .
I'm a recruiter and also work as an analyst for a DoD company - both are hiring as fast as they can . The market is tough , as in my rec job , we typically have to shut down postings within a week or so , just way too many applicants . Also , the quality of applicants is very good and a lot of them don't have jobs when I speak with them .
Ah yea , their revenue keeps dropping . Their earnings keep dropping . Demand is going away . You got it . Nailed it . I stand corrected . AI is a gimmick . A fad . Thats why companies are only investing trillions of dollars into it and NVDA is essentially the only provider of the hardware . You got me man .
Youre talking about gaming cards ? That is going to be the smallest part of their business . One of the smallest parts of their business already . NVDA couldnt care less about their 5000 series cards . They are all in on AI hardware , software , data centers . Gaming cards is a thing of the past for them . A drop in the bucket . Youre stuck in 2015 .
A lot . Fundamentally speaking , NVDA is a great company , maybe the best , with extreme growth ahead . AI is the future ... And when you sell hardware that is outdated within a year ... That is a great form of business to be in because these companies do full upgrades every 2 or 3 years . Everything they sell today , will be outdated in 2025 already . Their growth is phenomenal . Unlike anything . And its not slowing down .
[ deleted ]
Tell me , previous corrections , was yield curve inverted for the longest time period ever on record ? Was Sahm rule triggered ? Was it following the largest amount of quantitative easing ever , leading to a rapid spike in inflation ? Was it during two wars being waged in Eastern Europe and the Middle East ? Was it amidst Japanese economy collapsing ? Yeah , typical correction bro .
Really hope you ’ re right haha
Exactly . But 20 year olds are naive ...
Market does not always recover . Market was flat for 22 years in the 1980s . Market was flat between 2000 and 2010 .
Keep comforting yourself .
We definitely believe in your predictions . You got solid fundamentals there .
That is backward looking data . There are many reliable data points suggesting that we are either in a recession now or entering one soon . Also , 2.8 % GDP is only so good when CPI is 3.0 % . In other words the economy has experienced negative growth in real , inflation adjusted terms .
I like that ! !
Sure , that might be . However , it does not take much more of that kind of news to alter the story . If there is an announcement from Nvidia of a production delay , I doubt the investors will have the same amount of faith in the company .
Holy crap it ’ s down a lot
I am replying to another post that is doing the same . This whole sub is people predicting the future . Analysts make a career out of it . You are just annoyed because I'm pessimistic about what I am reading into the future , which is an opinion , not a certainty . By all means have your own opinion , but cliche snark isn't adding anything .
I can tell folks here have invested with emotion rather than analysis because they vote down decent rather than challenge it with their strategy . I can understand how depressing it feels to sober up with empty pockets . I re-entered the market based on a stupid interview with Zuck where he and Nvidia CEO were talking about their big plans . Now I feel like Zuck has fucked up again and we have another Metaverse fail . Zuck will survive , as will I . Meta will use all those chips for cheap small models and by the time they've clawed back some of their investment TPUs or some other cheap chip , maybe even CPUs will do all the work for the minimal use cases people will use LLMs for . We will see dumbed down models that can use natural language for search and such , but we ain't gonna change the world with LLMs .
The revenue will reduce drastically in the next few quarters . Just watch
All that is FUD brother you cannot predict future price movements based off past performances . Especially not in today ’ s market Volatility / instability . Those “ fundamental zones ” are just imaginary lines drawn on a chart . You can do millions of hours of TA and still can ’ t predict the next price action . I bet i ’ ll call it in a few days that the market turns red . Not green .
Just post your positions and move on cause this just FUD
Sorry mate , while i roughly concur with your expressed opinion , i do not take advices from average joes . Possibily neither others . What qualifies an everyday sam to such surefire and loud opinions ? ! There ’ s a need for other points of view as well .
Yes >:)
Imagine if you had done that instead of being facetious . You ’ d be up 30 % since I wrote this . At 1,000 shared of Nvidia that ’ s up $ 30,000 .
The stay at home mom indicator ?
Short term yes . If anything , it won ’ t bounce much until earnings on 8/ 28 . And if world order and / or recession fears worsen , it ’ ll be longer . Downside risk is higher than a significant upside move imo . But I ’ m holding .
Nope
So in 5 years NVDA's gonna be less than now ? ... ahahhahhaa you're naive !
2022 was a bear market . Do you know how long it was between bear markets ? The last one we had before 2022 was 2008 . Before that 2000 . This is a standard correction . Not a bear market and there ’ s absolutely no reason to expect this to be anything but a correction . Do you know what preceded the 2022 bear market ? Inflation rising to nearly 10 % . We had 40 years of stable prices . What we have today ? Dropping inflation , a solid economy and a fed ready to cut interest rates . This is a minor correction . Not even real major one yet .
That's when you were hopefully buying on SALE !
Also an election year , and middle east tension , etc etc .
OP is just Delulu and is likely just crying hard behind his keyboard trying to cope hard for buying the top of a bubble
And the same people don ’ t blink before drawing analogies with Cisco and everything . When the history aligns with your opinion , the world is like a perfect rhythmic system where everything repeats precisely . And when it doesn ’ t match with your prediction , history is not to be trusted . The level of cognitive dissonance is nauseating .
Sentiment shifts wildly based on absolutely nothing of substance . Business make plans and decisions based on substantive evidence , and all the evidence says that AI is going to change the world and NVDA is going to be in the center of it .
I got in NVDA at 120 when I thought it was dipping then , now it's down even further lol . My biggest delimma is whether to invest more in NVDA or VTI . I noticed if NVDA falls VTI does too just not as much . NVDA and most big tech stocks make up the highest contribution of many index funds as well . It feels like everything is going to dip further though especially if the war gets bad all hell might break loose . It also felt like 2022 we were in a recession . But , the AI hype in early 2023 kept the market up for a little while until the madness we're having now .
Everyone ’ s buy in differs . So many times in my career I bought at the high and then watched it tank . Buying a little today , tomorrow , is ok . Listen guys , they say to buy little by little . This is true . For me , it ’ s like Burger King where I want it my way . One big block at a time . Do I pay the price ? Of course ! But I can ’ t have a burger , then buy fries , then buy a coke . Just give me my value meal now !
You are misquoting or mischaracterizing what i said . You appear to be responding to something unrelated . I didn ’ t say anything about demand going away , or revenue dropping . What I said was this : 1 . Orders you can ’ t fill aren ’ t revenue . 2 . Nvidia as a stock has risk , as an individual stock does . 3 . When you said “ Nvidia is the safest , smartest investment in the stock market today ” you were categorically wrong . You ’ ll note that I never said anything about revenue or earnings , despite what you seem to think . Nor did I say anything about AI . Enjoy your religious fever dream about a stock !
Their revenue isn ’ t dropping . Their growth rate is dropping and you can ’ t expect a company with a market cap larger than an eu country to be growing at the previous growth rate . Nvidia would end up being wealthier than China or India if the previous growth was sustained or increased . If you compare it to Apple or Google though their growth rate is crazy for a company that size . Also they are currently diversifying by buying startups and will branch into other businesses as they know chip demand will eventually slow down but not decrease . It ’ s a drop in growth rate but not overall demand or revenue .
I know right ? Next he ’ s going to be talking about how Apple is going bankrupt because no one needs iPods anymore .
I hope you ’ re right . I ’ ll buy again if it drops to 75
Down 50 % ? ? What stocks do you own lol ?
Love these types of comments . As a total newbie to the market I got totally spooked by similar comments during the post-covid correction . Now I tend to think the more such sentiments pop up its as good a gauge as any that we ’ ll turn the corner soon enough . Full disclosure : I don ’ t own nvda stock , but I am long on SMH .
So what are you saying ? Will the market go down further or will recover from here ?
Ali Khamenei is that you ?
Go ahead and post all those magical data points for us to see . That ’ s like saying the “ real unemployment rate ” is 37 % and half of America is homeless even when the BLS says we ’ re 3-4 % . That ’ s what you sound like right now .
Yes it does . It takes a lot more to derail the train . These overall trends last a very very long time . Look at the Apple story for example . It went on from 2003 all the way until 2022 . Since 2022 it has largely stalled and is now a very mature company . But it was explosive growth and a high returning stock for nearly 20 years running . Are there fits and stops sometimes ? Sure . But the overall story isn ’ t going to change due to a delay . Look if the market thought it was a problem , Nvidia would t be outperforming the market right now . And it is . The QQQ is at $ 442 right now and Nvidia is at $ 103 . The QQQ was at $ 463 last week when Nvidia was at that same trading price . It is outperforming the market at the moment on the downside . That should never happen . Whenever the market goes down , Nvidia should be doing 3x the losses . Market down 1 % = Nvidia down 3 % minimum . But it ’ s outperforming . That tells you everything you need to know about sentiment regarding its future . What ’ s more , even as bearish as the market has been the last week , bears still couldn ’ t hold Nvidia under $ 100 . That ’ s really bullish .
Yep and will go a bunch lower still ! !
Price targets are being lowered . Saw several today at 100 . These are usually 1 year price targets but wasn ’ t specified so could be end of year instead .
You literally can see a lot of these dumb money never traded before and they always start their investment by saying they saw Nvidia go up so they bought , or they were too busy 6 month ago and only got time to buy last month lmao
Edit : Now realize you can ’ t post pictures . But I have Bearish positions on SPY , A $ 512.25 Breakeven for tomorrow . $ 511-513 Call spread .
Experience . I ’ ll make very simple for you . If the market plays out like it does in roughly 90 % of the time , I ’ ll be dead on accurate . If it doesn ’ t , I ’ ll be right but on much delay . For example , let ’ s say this correction turns into a major correction and the QQQ falls to $ 380 leading to Nvidia to drop to $ 75 a share . If that happens , then it could take Nvidia until next June to get to $ 150 . In which case I ’ ll be right in thinking $ 150 , wrong on the timing . But let ’ s suppose it ’ s a typical correction as is the case in 90 % of corrections , then I ’ ll be right across the board . I ’ m just playing the odds in my forecast .
Ok Mr . “ I know the shape and feel of a bear market ” . lol
Hey downvoters , where you today ?
CISCO never recovered , INTC never recovered .. Yeah well maybe ..
No reason ?
They didn't have earning in 2000 ... WHOLE different time period . No cell phones , internet was new , etc etc . I was in my 20s then
It ’ s pretty common behavior for people to hold onto hope in times of distress
I agree and have been bullish on NVDA for the same reasons . My question is not the fundamentals , or relative performance , but where the share prices will go based on the aggregate factors . Hypothesis : If the market in general is correcting , as well as other tech-related sectors , then NVDA shares will take longer to recover .
Are you basing your investment on the fundamentals of the company ? Nvidia is not going to stop selling GPUs even if the market holds the stock down . If that ’ s the case it will get cheaper and cheaper on a valuation standpoint until even Warren Buffet will load up . ( Being dramatic ) But eventually it will rebound as long as earnings keep coming in strong .
Enjoy your bonds . Ive been buying NVDA , along with other large tech stocks for the last 10 years ... Ive been quite happy with my performance . You can try to scare everyone away from the stock when it dips ... Go ahead . I think its extremely ignorant . Buying opportunities like this don't come often . But yea , I guess you're right . They could go out of business tomorrow . I could lose everything . Or , I could be up another 100 % this time next year ... I find it better than trying to beat inflation .
Lol nobody knows anything . I ’ m just pointing out facts to consider that are different than time periods OP is alluding to ( I . e . 2018 , 2019 , 2020 ) . Sometimes you can buy the dip and catch a bounce and sometimes it just keeps dipping . No one knows the future . I am aware of the risks of this environment and you should be too !
I ’ m actually your mom .
That's not even remotely what I'm saying . Look at manufacturing data , yield curve inversion , Sahm rule , credit card default rates . Markets are forward looking . You are looking at data from the past .
Ah , that is why Nvidia is down 20 % the past month ?
I ’ m using data for all of this . A lot of data . I ’ m just not publishing it . Reddit just isn ’ t the best format to publish such content . Though I am working on putting together a WordPress to do so .
It didn't have to " recover " . You don't only buy at the " top " , you dollar cost average over years and usually win . But gamblers don't understand this or have patience ...
P . s . all the monies you put it after the crash from 2001 till now are gains . Type is CSCO STOCK into Google and look at the MAX setting on the stock graph . It goes UP , not down ...
There are reasons . Profit taking and extremely overbought market . The NASDAQ - 100 just rallied from $ 341 to $ 503 without a correction . That ’ s an insanely large rally without a retracement . Probably one of the largest gains on the record without a correction . The S & P went on one of its longest stretches in history without a correction . Corrections create opportunity in the market . At $ 503 on the QQQ valuations were getting stretched and there wasn ’ t a lot of opportunity . Now there is . That ’ s how it goes . We rally for 5-6 months , and then correct . This past year we did a 5-6 month rally , corrected 8 % which was really minor , rallied another 5-6 months and then correction 15 % . So what . This happens like clockwork . Go back 20 years and you ’ ll see two corrections like this every year . And guess what ? In every one of them , there ’ s talk of bear markets and recessions . You can ’ t have a recession every year . Just look at the data divorced from the current fear mongering . GDP is 2.8 . Job growth is STILL taking place . We still haven ’ t had a negative jobs report . Think about that . And all the while the feds are SELLING bonds and haven ’ t cut rates yet . They reverse either one of those thing and the market skyrockets .
That can be tested .
good point . I agree that it was a whole market went down , just NVDA got hit harder . I think the biggest things to worry about at the moment are the next unemployment reading or the cpi reading . Because if inflation is still up and unemployment is going up then that would be a double spiral that can send the market down . Many indexers say just to be in the index because you're not putting all your eggs in basket and that NVDA the company could not exist in 50 years or end up like Sears . Or it could be very volatile and your taking on that extra volatitility , variance , and risk that you may not get a higher return from . When those good days happen though it does feel like NVDA blows the indexes out the water and the indexes just chug along and maybe go up a dollar or two a day . However , if the market drops like today NVDA may go down 15 points and the index only goes down 6 points . So , that's what is having me considering indexes is to avoid the drawdowns , and have more steady swings up and down . Along with less fees and taxes , or worries of having to time the market to sell at the right time . At the same time , I feel like index investing is overhyped and takes the soul and interest out of investing . But , people say that you can't beat the expers , and it's like picking a needle in a haystack . NVDA literally makes up 15 to 30 % of some indexes , so is that really a needle in a haystack , or is that a chunk of the haystack that is painted a certain color lol ? Like you said , it has happened at previous times that after drawdowns the market sometimes responds back quickly in an upward direction as well . There's so many negative factors that can push the market down at the moment . Especially with the job market being so bad . I'm worried if I lose my job , that I won't even have as much of a cash cushion avaialble to invest .
1 . False dichotomy . Bonds and Nvidia are the not only two choices . 2 . Changing the subject and moving goal posts . You have gone from “ Nvidia is the safest smartest investment today ” to “ I ’ m actually pretty diverse and Nvidia isn ’ t the only stock I think you should buy . ” 3 . Who is trying to scare people away ? I simply stated a fact that all stocks have risks . Remember , you said Nvidia was the “ safest investment , ” which is categorically incorrect . I guess it ’ s too hard to admit that it ’ s stupid to claim any one stock is the smartest and safest investment possible , so I guess that ’ s why you keep putting words in my mouth or trying to change the subject . I look forward to your next irrelevant rant .
There was a double top this time as well . We peaked at $ 140 , retested and peaked again at $ 135 before rolling over . NVDA seems to like to top that way . Some stocks are like that . There are various ways to top out . Nvidia goes for the double peaks .
It should be . It ’ s a high beta stock . That ’ s true of ALL HIGH BETA NAMES right now . If you ’ re outperforming the market on the way up by 5-6 x , you ’ re going to underperform on the way down . Nvidia being down 30 % right now has NOTHING to do with Nvidia ’ s fundamental or its story or its earnings . It ’ s 100 % market related . It ’ s profit taking , risk reduction , cash raising , rotation and rebalancing after a massive market rally . One of the biggest on record . And guess what ? When the market bottomed and inevitably rallies 10 % inside of 3-4 weeks , Nvidia will rally 30 % .
I ’ m here for it . I enjoy reading your posts
Sign me up as well !
Ok lol
Diesel . Was this a double top ?
* Go back 20 years and you ’ ll see two corrections like this every year . * Seems pretty spot on DC ... Was just watching an old Peter Lynch video this morning where he noted that , on average , the market experiences a correction about twice a year . Lynch ’ s key advice is to stay invested and not try to time the market .
Cutting rates does NOT indicate that the markets will skyrocket . Rate cuts mean the economy is in a bad place , and with that , we're more likely to see a massive crash that could take months or years to play out
Sure , the market has a lot to do with it but stories about delays in their production of their most anticipated AI chip does not really help . You are a fool if you downplay that .
There was a double top this time as well . We peaked at $ 140 , deferred and peaked again at $ 135 before rolling over . NVDA seems to like to top that way . Some stocks are like that . There are various ways to top out . Nvidia goes for the double peaks .
Color me a fool then . We ’ ll see what happens between now and January . Just FYI . I downplay whatever the market downplays . Don ’ t fight the market is probably the best advice anyone is going to get . If Nvidia were at $ 70 or if it were at $ 100 with the market at all time highs , then it would make sense to worry about fundamental degradation . Just know that everything is down right now . Virtually all stocks are well off their highs commensurate with the moves they ’ ve made since April .
I remember you showing us that a while back . And I thought I noticed it again . I do not buy the AI is a bubble thesis . Short term over hyped long and term gonna kill it is more my take . In your experience , is this price action with mega cap tech sign similar to that past bubbles have looked like ? I do not know what the parameters are for a bubble .
I know what you mean and I do not disagree but so far Nvidia has been flawless in terms of their execution . If that changes on top of rising economical concerns it can definitely spiral the wrong way .
Is this the end of the correction ?
Look at this moneybags owning 6 humanoids , while normies will only have one for basic stuff .
Actually is will be more like the humans doing the chores and the bots sitting around sipping Mai Tai's
Ill be in a yacht 🛥 ️powered by invidia
The sex robots are going to look much more lifelike .
Interesting ... I find this not crazy at all . And the market knows it already .
Buy and hold .
The unaligned lawnmower is triggering that uncomfortable AI feeling in my gut
2028
$ 4,000 share price seems high . Might need to split again
Is that a max of 3x from here ?
Priced in
Why is there a nuclear blast in the distance ? Is that the bubble popping ?
this is a very empty boring vision fir human life
Elysinvidia 🍹
The wife looks so real ! ! !
[ When NVDA's market cap surpasses the world's GDP ( $ 100 trillion ) . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=5kngspqvHa0 )
Based on the presence of Junior in the lower left , somebody must have gotten all Schwarzenegger with one of the fembots .
That looks absolutely horrible considering the states of AI imagegen now ...
Lets enjoy our drinks and relax ... surrounded by 6 terror bots and a running lawn mower ( which oddly enough is NOT robotic ) .
replace all the white robots with girls lookin like that wifey person and you got it
Extreme climate change
What would stock price be if it hits 10 trillion market cap ?
So basically rich people have a bunch of robots working for them and the people who would have done those jobs have nothing to even survive on . Hooray .
You'd think the lawnmower wouldn't need a robot to push it
but if u have tried llm for more complex task like coding , u would realize its kinda shit so idk about a futur like that , might get better who knows , but for now its all gambling
Are all robots in the future female or are the robots without skirts trans robots ?
Six ? You think the Wife is not a Pleasure Model X23 ? They go for $ 1 to $ 2 million on a 5 year lease ...
He ’ s Nvda holder 😂
Not likely . If robots are as good as we hope , then moneybags will have one per family member , but average people will have 1 to share in household . It will be like cars .
Yea because the humans will be slaves to nsthe very very ( trillion plus ) rich corps and they ’ ll have robots to do special tasks and things impossible for humans
I need to have more shares in my personal account
Bought at 550 . Hodling until Huang gets hit by a comet or they don't have chips sold a year before they're produced . It could be that the former is more likely .
Till when , after earning reports ?
It ’ s only $ 400 a share .
Yup . So maybe \ ~ $ 400 share price . Nothing wrong with that but definitely not a 10x - bagger .
Sir . You can keep mowing your own lawn if you wish . We have robot pool vacuum and robot floor vacuum already . Now you ’ ll have some to cook and fold your clothes too . It ’ s the new labor work force in the future
This is from ChatGPT first draft .
Well , about 4 times what it is today , so almost $ 500 a share
Why are people meant to do these jobs ? We don ’ t have slaves working plantations anymore . Times change . Labor change . People find new jobs .
Which is why you are investing in NVDA now so you can be one of the rich in the future .
SW Engineer here , and I can guarantee you that your productivity as a programmer with a good LLM is off the charts . Those who not use it will be behind !
NVDA wants to be the chip powering all the LLM and the robots . Looks at the recent investment and acquisitions .
###Its AI and it is supposed to get better . Remember the video of Will Smith eating noodles 1 year back and now . https://www.reddit.com/r/distractible/s/YmyXT99v7n Check this out .
Its gonna get better exponentially . In log chart . Imagine that
It's not foolproof certainly , but it's great at the moment for writing quick scripts and snippets of code . Considering how recently the likes of chatgbt and copilot have come out , it's bound to get better . But yes sometimes at the moment it does write some complete garbage
Yea that ’ s the dumbest thing I ’ ve ever read . That ’ s like saying computers are “ kinda shit ” and chess or math . Stop the lies
Whatever floats your boat .
X23 wolverine would be hot .
If I could get the latest Alicia Vikander version from exmachina with human tissue and autolube feature I'd leave my wife and kids .
I like the idea of leasing a wife ; not much up front cost , manageable payments and after a few years you get a new model .
Night night folks . Don ’ t dream about your stocks , you ’ ll wake up with a headache 🤕
And the trillion plus will all be in GOLD ! Lol
Get some more
Haha
I'm a 550 man Myself . All in and holding , yes !
yeah if you want to make a minimal short term profit lmao
Guess ChatGPT isn ’ t there yet …
I ’ m looking to invest in robotics , do you think Tesla is the main actor for ? It ’ s a very interesting topic
Checkout midjourney or others there are better imagegen ai
someone needs to now maintain the robots and produce the parts . Repair them if they break . Lose some Jobs create new ones .
Everyone who says this is either a trash dev or lying .
You missed his point
Yea , but a video of someone eating noodle won't change my life much , anyway we'll see where this lead us , no one really know the futur . I can tell you for now that yesterday i spent 3 hours trying to solve a fairly easy coding task at work and after arguing with chatgpt for 3 hours , i had to go back to my roots and use my brain a little . Oh and Claude wasn't of any help either .
Nope . The improvement of LLMs are slowing down , and have been for a bit . Improvement in ai has always been rapid improvement , then a platou , then rapid improvement later , and this goes in a cycle . How many years will it platou this time ? No idea !
He's right . I just noticed they're all fem-bots .
You do remember how that ended ... right ?
Ok ... this isn't r / confessions buddy ... take it down a notch ...
It ’ s very possible . They have their own factories so they don ’ t have to find contracts and lease or sell . They can just use them to reduce cost instantly . As far as domestic household robots , they need to train for another 6-12 months
Actually they are training 2x as fast every 6 months . Why would you even be on this subreddit lol ? Do you even invest in NVDA ?
I do wonder what happened to the guy she locked inside the room before going to mainland , such a cliffhanger
It'd definitely be worth it !
We know what type of person he is now ! !
Here's a sneak peek of / r / confessions using the [ top posts ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/confessions/top/?sort=top&t=year ) of the year ! \ # 1 : [ My brother went from killing animals to being a kindergarten graduate . ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/13uirt2/my_brother_went_from_killing_animals_to_being_a/ ) \ # 2 : [ * * [ NSFW ] * * I don't stop my dogs from having gay sex in my front lawn to piss off my pearl clutching neighbors . ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/12ti5vh/i_dont_stop_my_dogs_from_having_gay_sex_in_my/ ) \ # 3 : [ Found out my husband has been talking to , and planning meet ups with his ex behind my back . So I'm going to ruin his father's day . ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/confessions/comments/144xk84/found_out_my_husband_has_been_talking_to_and/ ) - - - ^ ^ I'm ^ ^ a ^ ^ bot , ^ ^ beep ^ ^ boop ^ ^ | ^ ^ Downvote ^ ^ to ^ ^ remove ^ ^ | ^ ^ [ Contact ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=sneakpeekbot ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ [ Info ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/ ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ [ Opt-out ] ( https://np.reddit.com/r/sneakpeekbot/comments/o8wk1r/blacklist_ix/ ) ^ ^ | ^ ^ [ GitHub ] ( https://github.com/ghnr/sneakpeekbot )
The funds I invest in got a sizeable chunk in nvidia . " Actually they are training 2x as fast every 6 months . " , 1 . I do not believe 2 . They do not have much more to show for it than they did last year . The gpt 3 to 4 was not a massive improvement . I see no reason why 4 to 5 will be any different .
Agree to disagree . The reports I read have hard data . You ’ re just conjuring phrases like “ chat gpt 3 to 4 was not a massive improvement ” . Ok by what measurement . It ’ s been training longer than other ai ventures . There ’ s a lot more to ai than just LLMs . You must feel like biggest idiot in the world after you try to discredit Nvidia all year even tho they ’ re $ 3T and 190 % increase . That ’ s a really poor projection from you . You couldn ’ t have been more wrong
" You must feel like biggest idiot in the world after you try to discredit Nvidia all year even tho they ’ re $ 3T and 190 % increase . That ’ s a really poor projection from you . " . That is not me . Whenever Nvidia stock goes down , my funds go down . This subthread was specifically about LLMs . Them being able to train them faster , does not mean that the improvement is not slowing down . This is an interesting paper about what seems like limits in current types of LLMs : [ 2404.04125 ( arxiv.org ) ] ( https://arxiv.org/pdf/2404.04125 ) In short : if you double the training data , the performance of the LLM does not double .
Ok but you ’ re trying to say the evolution of robots is slow . And your reasoning is because LLMs aren ’ t getting better . LLMs are pretty smart . They can usually outscore any human on any test in just 5 seconds
You keep saying that I say things that I never said . Why would I continue this discussion ? They can beat humans in tests that there is a lot of training data of . In that paper , they show the limits of just increasing the training data .
Whatever bro . If you feel so pessimistic about Nvidia then just sell it and quit crying
Pessimistic about Nvidia ? No lmao . I am pessimistic about LLMs compared to how overhyped people make it out to be .
You believe LLMs are overhyped . Ok cool . But that ’ s irrelevant as long as you keep buying more Nvidia . Even though I think you ’ re wrong . I think it has enormous groundbreaking potential .
I do agree on the potential though . Personally I believe that any actual AGI would use something like an LLM together with other forms of machine learning . That seems to be consistent with how learning in humans works at least . Nvidia would be a great company even if LLMs were not a thing . They have the best GPU's . They have the best tooling for programming on their GPU's ( CUDA ) . Their cards are the best for gaming . They are the best for machine learning ( not just LLMs ) . They have the best cards for video processing . I belive that under all the hype , they are a rock solid company . I have funds that buy Nvidia . I am ok with the risk of them going down .
I think she's better than Cathy Woods .
Fuck my MSFT shares ... oh man
It ’ s not her - she has the best financial advisor team that money can buy . I ’ m happy to piggy back .
She bought on July 26
Lowest stock price in 3 months anyone not loading up was going to miss out .
Prepare for launch !
Ok this is the most bullish thing Ive seen
Is this accurate ? [ https://www.capitoltrades.com/politicians/P000197 ] ( https://www.capitoltrades.com/politicians/P000197 ) Anything better to track Mama Pelosi's picks ?
Bought 300 more at $ 103 lol . Here we go boys and gals
NVDA will dethrone MSFT and AAPL soon enough
I ’ ll just say , I watched NVDA for months at the end of 2023 , knowing that Pelosi bought ( and I I think it was calls at the time ) , then bought in early January . She isn ’ t the only reason I bought , but I ’ d be lying if I said she didn ’ t influence my decision . I also thought I was in too late during certain stretches , but now my investment has consistently been over 75 % and over 100 % at its peak . Obviously , do your own research , but when the most successful trader in Congress is gobbling up shares like this , you have to feel pretty good about the stocks long term outlook .
Buy Buy BUY ! ! !
Remember guys , follow the best trader in Congress .
Wow 😂 😂 😂
It ’ s funny the NVDA bears think the most critical company to US AI and military supremacy will just magically tank to nothing overnight due to a tech sell off . NVDA , AMD , and Intel are more than just gpu / cpu or data center providers or foundries now . They ’ re the building blocks for the AI revolution and hegemony supremacy for the U . S . They ain ’ t going anywhere
She's smart and not just a pretty face . She bought it at the low and we know it's going to go back up if you have so many shares it's just in crazy amount of money
I need a direct line to her broker . 😁
Oh shit , better recognise . Time to buy more Nivida .
Bears be gone
84 years old ? Damn , she planning on become the richest person in the cemetery or what ?
[ deleted ]
1000usd ready to buy more
if the crypt keeper buys .. i am buying also .
She bought the dip , just like I've been telling everyone to do
It has been proven that dead people have better returns than the living because we react to news like this . I'm not kidding . Fidelity has data over 10 years confirming this
I can ’ t stand her politics and her shady manipulation of state and national politics . However I own two cars because of her investments and me following . Thank you Senator may I please have another .
Boom
Mommy knows best 👵🏻
My put option is trash now but that ’ s a good thing for my shares
I could kiss her on the mouth
Thank you Nancy our savior
Democratic Senator Ossoff has a bill to stop this . Want to bet the Republicans won't support it ? They attack Nancy but benefit themselves so they'll never vote for it . Sure sounds like a HYPOCRITE to me . https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/senators-push-stock-trading-ban-prevent-lawmakers-profiting-insider-kn-rcna161115
Our Lady of Inside Info … .. PRAY FOR US !
But when did she buy ? This is probably like a month ago
The Queen has spoken . Do or die now , you sheep ! Oh , me included .
nvda was so well supported decent exit strategy like sel siders
Either she knows rates are getting cut or she Pelosied herself . I bought puts as insurence just in case Papa Powel decides to fuck us today … hbu guys ?
I assume / hope that she isn ’ t actually making any of these investment decisions . But rather , has investment advisors . I think any politician could always face accusations of using inside knowledge to aid decisions ( for example , she is likely to have better knowledge than most what the Fed is gonna say regarding interest rates ahead of time ) . Would seem a lot easier and safer to just delegate that . Kind of like how corporate executives have advisors sell their company share for them … and at specified intervals that are announced far in advance , to avoid any accusations of timing sales to benefit from inside knowledge .
Thank god I ’ m riding NVDA until Pelosi sells …
This is gonna be ridiculous
She knows … ..
This is so dumb . NVDA is the biggest company in the world . Theres no secret sauce .
It's known secret at this point
I can ’ t imagine why
Nice dis … ..
Cathy is an idealist . She feels a holy calling . Nancy isn't trying to fulfill a holy mission . Nancy is a politician that moves with the idealism of her constituency : Tech !
That's not even debatable . It's like saying Einstein is smarter than a goldfish .
😂
sorry , at least your nvda will be better
Msft will rebound don ’ t sweat it .
pelosi gets the benefit of insider trading . you dont . what you get is a rare occasion to buy microsoft on a dip as a long term hold
The best adviser , with the best insider information including future government deals probably .. how is it even legal
yeah , but why not give her a pat on the back ? brought back nvda , mu and a few others
Cramer ?
wow ! shes a better trader than most of WSB
Lmao of course she did
[ deleted ]
Thanks !
Quiver is about the same
This time it will be permanently .
My avg is 116 ? Is It best just to dollar cost avg in on dips or red days ? Cus I want It invest weekly
lmao i also just found out how old she is .. yea whats the point of all that money if you gone soon
700k probably doesn't register as anything significant to them while you have your panties twisted over it .
Hey big investors ! Come on back to tech stocks , join the cool kids and we have cookies !
She bought on July 26
Absolutely not Her husband is a partner at a hedge fund . Also , you do realize that the fed rate won ’ t really affect nvda that much because big tech stocks don ’ t get a boost if the fed cuts rates Tbh we may see further increases in nvda stock price if there are no rate cuts . You ask why ? I ’ ll tell you . Anticipated rate cuts have fueled the “ great rotation ” hence why small cap stocks are seeing a boost . If no rate cuts , I think that gets revered and the magnificent 7 sky rockets even more than we all think ^ this is all my opinion fyi
Actually in terms of market cap . Apple and Microsoft are bigger
It's up 11 % today alone ... it's almost like Nancy knows what's gonna happen ...
I FUCKING LOVE MY NVIDIA . I DIDN'T PANICK . i love you all for the multiple posts for saying that
Why won't the Republicans support Sen . Ossoff's bill to stop this ? Maybe because they benefit like Nancy https://www.nbcnews.com/politics/congress/senators-push-stock-trading-ban-prevent-lawmakers-profiting-insider-kn-rcna161115
Believe me that woman does not need your pat on the back 😂
Because she's likely not remotely involved in these transactions .
Heritage
what kind of cookies ?
Nope . NVDA is the biggest in the world , especially after today .
She ’ s nice enough to post her trades all the time to help bootstrap poor apes .
I was assured she has no insider trading info and her husband is just really really good at timing the market
being tech smart probably helps understand the implications .
It is actually pretty obvious . Microsoft is rocking with AI . Made some impressive profit from it . But they didn ’ t meet Asian tiger mother Wall Street standard . It happens almost every time . Nancy probably just follow the numbers . And she probably know AI dealing with weapons . ( LMT jumped to the fucking moon and her position probably known the importance of AI chips in modern war since USA probably harvest fuckton of data from Russia-Ukraine war ) So Microsoft stock will drop . Be honest with you . I am gonna hold Microsoft . They always bounce back .
It's other way Market follows her move .. so it's up because she bought ..
Imagine me or you doing that .
Politics aside , it was no less than embarrassing to see Nancy Pelosi trash talk Trump or other US and even non US politicians while she her self is one of the most corrupt .. no way in hell three lifetimes can you get to such net worth with only her yearly salary ( even doubled ) and a pretty strange “ talent ” for what stock to buy next , exactly when to buy and when to sell it all honestly without any “ special sauce ”
The kind that pay the bills
Its called market cap it takes 2 seconds to look up . Its immediately updated . NVDA isn't the biggest , dont argue with people who know what they are talking about WTF
Too bad she doesn ’ t post them in real time . I think she has like 10 days to disclose
She also almost exclusively participates in insider trading haha
Politics aside , and then you attack a Democrat . Did you ever bother to Google her husband ? No , you just follow the Republican attack book . Their money comes from her husband , Paul Pelosi's INVESTMENT COMPANY HE OWNS . https://www.usatoday.com/story/news/factcheck/2021/03/16/fact-check-house-speaker-nancy-pelosis-net-worth-inflated-meme/4707087001/
Apple is 3.4 T , Microsoft 3.1 T , NVDA 2.87 T
The good ones she trades through her spouse , other family members and shell companies . Gotta do some in her name though to keep from being too obvious .
And if you manage to trade off of her live trades you'll end up in jail but she will be protected 😅
But what insider info ( presumably from Congressional action ) happened recently ? Nothing specific to AI has passed or been considered recently .
I did not attack anybody , just stating facts .. heck I am not even living in the US or an American , so nope .. no reason for trying to say I belong to neither parties . Oh and about her husband , he is a crook and yes you can use Google ( as you suggested ) to find out more . Probably hundreds of millions were made with the “ insider info ” help of his wife .. nothing to see here , seriously .
He criticized Nancy as a person . She is a hypocrite just like all politician . It ’ s a fact and this info is easily available to you if you cared to do 2 mins of research . You need to get off your high horse .
Exactly . She knows something we don ’ t know . Maybe it has to do with foreign regulations ?
She knows and so should we that MSFT is going to be sued over crowds trike .
But you didn't state a fact , you stated a typical Republican Pelosi attack lie . So Paul Pelosi is a crook ? So do you consider all the people that make money on Walk Treet as crooks or just the Democrat leaning people ?
Hi there Putin Bot
He was wrong . Your hatred for Nancy doesn't have anything to do with the facts or the truth . Both of which you seem to purposely choose to ignore . Nancy's wealth comes from her husband . Care to prove that wrong ?
Read my previous comment , I have no relation to either parties , I am not an American , not holding a US citizenship or living in the US .. I am however pretty knowledgeable of many political scandals not only here in the EU but also in the US ( since it actually affect us here in Europe as well ) , and I could give examples of US politicians from all sides of the spectrum that are corrupt , Pelosi just seem to be the main topic of this conversation due to her dealing in stocks and she do have , factually , made a few trades which were very profitable , which she could have probably not achieve as an outsider without insider information ( just take a hint : some legislation about electric cars and batteries earlier .. ) Anyway I am not here to argue
Talking of bots ..
Are you having a problem understanding English ? Use Google , it might help you . NANCY'S HUSBAND MADE THE MONEY . Understand ? Google PAUL PELOSI and you will find out where they made their money .
Despite being German , I speak fluent English .. you on the other hand behave like a teenager with unresolved anger management issues . I know who Pelosi ‘ s husband is . I am using Google long before it became popular , I don ’ t understand why we keep discussing Google search . Please Google „ anger management and how to get help “
You were either knowingly or unknowingly spreading a lie . I corrected you , take it or leave it .
Not a lie , you kept preaching me to use Google , you can use the same and find a good amount of past and pretty recent articles from pretty well known news sites about the Pelosis , as I said they are not the only doing shady stuff but Pelosi is the most „ famous “
Repeated lies don't make it true Paul Pelosi , Nancy's husband OWNS an INVESTMENT company . THAT is the source of their money . Sure Nancy made some investments , I'm sure they were based on info from PAUL PELOSI . Nice to see you have such an avid interest in the USA .
She has access to insider information due to her obvious position of power and political network , so who gave „ tips “ to whom ? there is an entire topic discussing „ insider trading of politicians “ it ’ s not just Pelosi . Anyway let ’ s just agree to disagree so that we can carry on alright ? I have used to live in NYC for three years ( work related ) so yes , I have some interest still , especially politics less sports
There is no " agree to disagree " . You are pushing a point that has been proven to be false . Yet you dance around with vague commentary without providing any proof to what you've said .
I honestly don ’ t have time nor interest to spoon feed Someone about the obvious . Know what ? You are right ! I am wrong .. feeling good now ? Are we done ? Great . Let ’ s just get back to other interesting subs and threads
My average cost is right in the middle of the swings so every morning brings a new surprise .
this is baby ’ s first stock for 90 % of the sub
If it keeps going up 9 % and down 7 % we will all be rich by Christmas .
+ - 10 % daily is not ” normal ”
Been holding since $ 5.40 . This is another Thursday for me .
It is good advice , but it is not normal to have a single stock lose , gain , and lose again , many hundreds of billions of dollars in market cap in 3 consecutive days , with nothing substantively new with the stock itself happening . Alternating panic and euphoria is expected on a online community dedicated to the stock .
Y ’ all keep saying this is normal . It ’ s not . That doesn ’ t mean people should be flipping out the way they are , I agree NVIDIA is here to stay and that stocks can be volatile . But to say this week has been “ normal ” is just plain false . It ’ s not a matter of opinion , zoom out , zoom in zoom to wherever you want , it ’ s not normal .
I love all these " Veteran " investors on here who just talk shit to new investors acting like a 3 trillion dollar stock going up / down daily by 7-17 % is normal lmao . The volatility on this stock is absolute been off the chain the last month or so and it's definitely frustrating watching your portfolio go up and down 10k + / - a day . I believe in the stock at least through 2025 but to act like were 100 % going to 200 + or higher in the next 2-5 years or less is absolutely insane . We don't know how long it's going to take for AI to revolutionize the world . Wall Street only understands numbers on paper and already wants companies to show ROI in the early innings . I'm worried in the next few quarters they get more and more relentless on wanting justification for the big spend . Nvidia could be the greatest company the world as ever seen and if Wall St feels like the spending from big tech doesn't justify the ROI they sell off . We also have a lot of geopolitical risks still and if you haven't noticed the world is bat shit crazy the last few years . We also have macro risks which is why we saw so much red today . All it takes is 1 quarter where megacaps say " we're cutting down on capex for AI " and this stock will absolutely free fall . I don't think that is going to happen but I'm not so arrogant to yell at people who are worried about their investment when this stock behaves like a meth head in the Walmart parking lot on the daily .
I ’ m panic buying
The " I bought 20k in september 265 call options " posts are amusing though . I swear people have never looked at a chart and never heard of nvda till this year . People have no idea what long term holders have had to put up with , and they never let us down , always innovating , always coming back 10X stronger .
Picked up some at $ 113
Don't be that person who lost money on NVDA .
My average cost is right in the middle of the swings so every morning brings a new surprise .
Would be good if it was volatile on the up side .
As a former panic and lose person , I can attest to this being correct . I lost 32,000 on SMCI . It is a yo-yo . However , the cure was looking at the history of this stock . It has doubled itself 5x in the past 5 years . So hopefully that can help others forget the daily dipsy do-littles .
This selloff has nothing to do with fundamentals and everything to do with the unwinding of carry trade with Japan which should make retail investors very concerned
Last 6 weeks have been crazy . Holding strong and buying more .
You can ’ t lose money if you don ’ t sell . Hold your shares & buy the dips if you can afford it
Nvidia has become a meme stock
Bruh I don't think this is normal activity man
Set and forget until 2030 100k plus in this , I just close my eyes and sit for the ride ( I got in last year ) 😘
Unfortunately it is the the market makers who aren't keeping their heads on straight . We are all just a long for their idiodic right . And , the Feds are gonna tank the economy . Classic Feds . They always know best until they don't .
F . This place is turned into a place of lost souls . If you don ’ t have the risk tolerance then don ’ t invest and post for advice . It is a volatile stock , it has been for the past few years . Investors struggle with the evaluation . I agree , I am so tired of reading the posts .
eventually ppl will realize how markets work
Shhhhhhh
Sold at $ 121 ( at cost exact ) yesterday because , somehow , I was betting it would crash . I was drooling at $ 102 / share from yesterday . Got to $ 107 . I am a fucking happy man . Thank god for the dip .
Newbies 🤣 remain calm
I rode up , sold , then started shorting at the right time . I'm happy .
> Nvidia isn ’ t going anywhere , as others have said , nothings changed in their fundamentals . Fundamentals ? With a P / E > 60 , nothing about the price of NVIDIA is to do with fundamentals , lmao . Y'all may not want to hear this , but you are trading in a meme stock . Sure it might continue to rise , but let's not pretend that's because of _fundamentals_ - - it's because of the largest hype cycle in the world right now . So yeah , they aren't going anywhere , they're doing great and will continue to be highly profitable , but that doesn't mean they're not massively overvalued . Whether the market cap goes up or down in the coming days , weeks , months , even years , is anyone's guess .
My first rodeo with NVDA and I have been feasting all month , goddamn 🤌 # # # newbienotan 00b
You need to join our NVDA therapy group , we are the shoulder you cry on when NVDA has tanked your retirement fund or when see some small cap going up 40 % and you want liquidate your NVDA to chase the dream , we love you , we understand you and remember knowing that you have a problem is half the solution .
Lol I just got in at $ 109 . In for the long haul now
Invest , don't gamble . Quite simple really .
Most people do not understand markets .
I ’ m in and in and fingers crossed .
Harsh but true . I think that people are newly invested in NVDA and hoping it will be the millionaire maker it was in the past . Hell , I hope for that as well . But I'm keeping my expectations more modest . I'm in NVDA for the long haul and would LOVE for it to beef up my retirement funds for use in 10 years . Its a great money maker , but VERY volatile . Newbies need to not overinvest , check less and be prepared for some Red waves . Its been my experience that it takes 10 steps forward , 5 steps back and than another 2 steps forward . Gird your loins !
Go by the PE on this one stock still has time to go up
I bought more today
that's normal . that's why a great strategy is buying when fear and panic is the greatest . and sell when greed is the highest .
I hate to say it but this but NVDA might go down to $ 90ish . If you got money on NVDL or NVDX you will REALLY get hit 2X .
Ok dad
Problem is that apparently a lot of people invested money they can ‘ t afford to lose in the books short term . Some comments you read they sound like people have money in NVDA they need for buying their kids food tomorrow
Trust the process
This is a good message , but I have over $ 100K invested . Even though I can afford to loose it and willing to buy more in this stock , it is still scary . This stock got me on my toes every morning .
Reality check : It ’ s only gone back to June on transient macro issues : inflation / jobs / no rate cut . It ’ s still up 112 % YTD . It ’ s the highest gain / volatility stock of large caps doing what it ’ s done periodically throughout history . People freaking out must learn to optimize their portfolio for their acceptable volatility .
Im enjoying the dip . #NVD
The ceo started selling the top & continues to sell . Ik , ik .. It was planned , filed in advance . It's a small amount compared to what he holds . It doesn't hurt us at all . Maybe it's for taxes or a yacht . Yada , Yada Yada . SIMPLETONS
Wait till they learn that the next legitimate support level is around $ 93 , and it's likely to dip below that slightly before the next big rise .
Up like 1000 % over a few years .. crying over a couple %
Buy the dip ... so far 90 shares and buying more ... ! ! !
Buy amd . Best time to buy now
Ya try holding Tesla for the last 5 years it will teach someone patience
I've been holding since 2014 and slowly accruing more over time . Will continue holding for years to come . If you did your DD and nothing has changed fundamentally , then ignore the noise .
Lmao ‘ daily fluctuations ’ of 10 % for a 3 trillion dollar company is not normal . Neither are the current macroeconomic conditions . I do agree with points 3 through 6 tho .
These are the gamblers you ’ re talking to .
if you don ’ t want to hold nvidia for 3 years to see where it ’ s at just go to the casino instead
They put their life savings into one blue chip . Of course they are freaking out at every bump .
My dad lost more than $ 800k on NVDA today , and nearly $ 2 million in total . Is he the least bit concerned ? Heck no !
I have a good idea why it moved the way it did . I even shorted the market yesterday
Sounds like you're the one on a ride you can't handle to me .
Anyone that ’ s been through a stock split would tell you that the stock goes down for a month or 3 before starting its “ usual ” movement .
Down $ 220k again ( back to Tues levels basically lol ) since 7/10 . We chillin ' . Interesting week though , can't deny that !
Please stay in panic mode at least until tomorrow so I can buy some at panic prices
You are describing what happens when the price of a stock is based on nothing . When you dont know what the price should be , the price movement feels like anything could happen
I invested 10k pre split .. just want to see what it's value will be in 20 years
I just want it to come down a little more , I need to buy 100 shares
This is going to $ 70-80 then back to $ 40 ' s .
I was camping in the mountains for 4 days with no cell service and I felt so peaceful not worry about these stupid imaginary numbers
Or heart attack …
Maybe that's the reason it fluctuates so much . Suddenly countless brand new investors joining the hype and running at first signs of concern , then joining back in when it's up again , only to see it drop the next day .
Most likely . But it doesn ’ t make their factual claims that this week has been unusually volatile any less true .
Real for me
I am the baby and can confirm it actually is my first stock .
No need to mock people for their inexperience . You can be annoyed , but not rude .
literally me
It's a sign the bubble is popping
This
yeah the problem is that recently it's doing more of the down 9 up 7 thing , but hey earnings are almost back
Sure if you bought in at like 20-25 per share and holds ten thousand of them . Most people that the OP refers to ( panicking ) have bought in much later when it was like 110 + maybe some of them YOLOed their life savings ( stupid ) , also at some point the growth will stall since infinite growth in general ( not only stocks ) is not possible . At this moment I just want to break even , every little gain will be nice to have ! We also need to remember that the fact that Nvidia have at the moment almost total dominance over the niche ( best AI GPUs money can buy ) means the competition will try to sabotage in any way possible not only by trying to make similar chips ( take a long time ) but in other means - all of them affect stock price
I ’ ve been day trading this thing a long time . This is the juiciest I ’ ve even seen it . Loving all the volatility
Been in NVDA for a while , this stock has a much higher volatility than others . Sure , 10 % movements don ’ t happen daily , but they tend to happen multiple times a quarter . It was just like this back in April and at other points as well
Been holding since the first $ 135 . This is another Red day for me .
I salute you .
Meh , just means calls tomorrow morning .
If you ’ ve been in it for a few years you remember the year crash between 21 and 22 . 61 % decrease during that correction . That was a long rough road , and it gets in your head you have to “ more than double ” to get back to where you started . Combine that with the macro environment and the concerning data coming out about the condition of our overall economy . In that time the “ fundamentals didn ’ t change ” I don ’ t plan on selling but I ’ ve resisted picking up too much to where I can ’ t go without that money over 3 or 4 years worst case scenario
Nvidia dropped 60 % from 2021 to 2022 . We certainly have short memories here .
When you take into account all the earnings announcements and guidance this week , all the economic data , the 99 % chance rates will go down in September , the fact that it's one of the most option traded stocks , geopolitical concerns , and the fact that tech stocks almost always have a beta greater than 1 ... this is absolutely expected to have occurred . Thinking it's abnormal means you should learn more about the stock market . Additionally , I chose a random week in April and the stock price was everywhere .
I agree .. not normal . Nothing about Nvidia has been normal ..
4 basic rules I follow to invest without losing my peaceful sleep . 1 > no margin . 2 > having sufficient cash to navigate the stormy night . 3 > Do your own diligent research . 4 > Invest on good CEOs .
Which is why when ‘ veteran ’ investors also tell you to stop checking daily you should listen as well . If you believe in the company , stop checking and come back in several months for a review , chances are very good that you will be pleasantly surprised . Putting yourself through daily anguish over the volatility does absolutely nothing for you . You have no control over the stock price and all you can do is to decide to stay or go , and it is proven again and again that time in the market beats trying to time the market . So if you want pearls of wisdom from people who have been through the dotcoms , 2008 , and countless other smaller events , be humble and think about their advice . or if you have it all figured out , keep checking daily and put posts up to complain constantly .
Yea I ’ m sick of the Buy More crowd and the Zoom Out crowd . Idiots think the stock will fall 30 % then immediately shoot back to the moon ? It will either continue to fall or tighten up and go sideways for an extended period . If it goes up its just a dead cat bounce .
It's been normal for NVDA atlesst within this year
lol 9/20 265c are . 09 each . U could get 2000 contracts for 20k . If Nvidia hits 300 that would be 7 mil , nice lotto ticket
You seen the chart for BCE ?
Explain
What are my options if i have options ?
It is and it isn ’ t . It ’ s ONE HUNDRED percent fueled by the same feeds , sites and energy as other meme stocks … . it just actually has the earnings ( so far ) to back it up . It ’ s not a meme scam stock , but I fully agree it has fallen into meme territory . Good reason to only keep buying if you genuinely believe in it for years because the next few years are gonna be volatile and meme stocky on ANY semiconductor , chip or AI stocks .
No not until people start posting 💎 🖐🏻
No but this sub acts like it . Rarely anything useful is posted .
No it has not . Calm down
It has replaced TSLA as a meme stock .
It has become a stock that everyone is crowding into . Specially the noobs . It will be very volatile
I felt that way too but thought holding was easier , there wasn't really anything holding it up but those earnings calls yesterday , falling back down was gonna happen . Missed out on 500 bucks ...
lol that ’ s funny because many of the professional investors are saying that because of it ’ s forward P / E it ’ s actually a good deal at its current price . Plenty of other companies out there that are way overvalued where they have much higher forward P / Es . In fact Nvidia current P / E is lower than its average and median P / E of the last 5 years . If you want to look at an overvalued company look at Tesla . A company that has had mediocre results for the last 6 quarters and is all hype based on it getting FSD going to capture an emerging market . Pretty sure Tesla ’ s forward P / E is about 81 and Nvidia is about 31 . Yet we saw Tesla recently pump 40 % in a month recently . Then has a shitty earnings again and still kept like half of the 40 % pump it has leading into earnings .
Same
Called it !
Well shit if I had 12 million worth of NVDA then I wouldn't be concerned over 800k either .
What's the play for tomorrow ?
Based on what ? Do you have puts ? If it goes that low I'm going all in .
Retail investors are definitely not causing fluctuations . We are just a drop in the bucket
ehh doubtful , I wouldnt be surprised if most retail investors shares of nvidia are even hitting the lit exchange . 100s of millions and billions of marketcap being erased / fluctuation is likely institutional investors .
I don ’ t think tiny investors have any meaningful effect on stock fluctuations , most who got in recently had to pay 115-130 per share and probably just bought up to a few hundreds each , I believe more likely those are the big sharks who buy and sell tens of millions of the stock at a time who are causing those large fluctuations - they also intentionally dump huge amounts of the stock in order to create a dip so they can buy back the same stocks cheaper , pocketing the difference ( in their case millions for each one of those acts ) - a practice which IMHO should be made illegal because if benefits the very few large institutions at the expense of the majority
The definition of a “ meme ” stock . Nvidia is 100 % a meme stock now , it just HAPPENS to be one that has actual future growth and potential to match its insane valuations … . but it ’ s gonna have the volatility of a meme stock . A lot of these folks jumped in after the hype run up and have probably never even bought an ETF before . So many of you need to start with the Warren Buffet method he directs for his family : invest everything into the S & P and go to the beach . Even the S & P goes up and down , but a lot of these folks probably don ’ t even understand the fundamental difference between a single stock , etf , index and mutual fund . A lot of us were never taught this , and Millennials grew up with a generation of parents raised by depression parents themselves and then they went through the Dot Com and 2008 crashes … .. so a ton of Millenials were raised to be afraid of the stock market in general . If you weren ’ t taught strategies , methods and how the market works by school or your parents of COURSE you ’ re gonna have unrealistic expectations … . it ’ s no surprise the market works as it does today . A bunch of people who never touched or practiced investing suddenly got into it ever since COVID hyped up Robinhood-style gamification of trading . They got in at the worst time for learning hard lessons , saw historical gains for their first few months to couple years and are now experiencing ( potentially ) their first correction or sideways phase . It ’ s a brutal thing to watch folks go through in real time … . but it just confirms my theory that it ’ s all noise and the only people who are gonna lose are the short term sellers . I plan to hold forever , unless Nvidia suddenly starts to go belly up … . but at this point I don ’ t see that ever happening
It's the reason it ran this far in the first place . There's always a hype play going on somewhere and NVDA has been it for a year or so . Hype always brings volatility , and eventually crashes the broader market with it .
I seriously doubt " babys first stock " investors have enough collective capital to even buy my shares off me lol , let alone move the market pricing significantly or massively as we've seen .
It hasn ’ t been more volatile . It ’ s acting like a normal stock . If you haven ’ t noticed , NVDA has been posting green rockets for a year - rising is also volatility
It's important to mock people so that they don't take themselves too seriously , otherwise we become a society of fragile people
Found one
You can be stupid but don't be a burden to others .
Bullying works . The strong survive .
Maybe saying we'll all get rich is hyperbole , but moving in a near sine-wave kind of pattern ( up 9 , down 7 , lather , rinse , repeat ) every trading day until Christmas would be a 103 % increase over yesterday's close . It doesn't matter what you bought at , you would have 2x what you have now . Even if your shares are discounted 30 % , you would still end up with about a 42 % profit and a 103 % increase over yesterday .
Have you followed TSLA ?
Dude buy please . Get that avg down
Hey , I'm pretty much in the same boat my friend ! We can get through this ! OP is right , we just gotta relax and not get bothered by daily fluctuations . And if you have the money , buy on this dip to average down .
haha lol . Your question shouldn't be when will it reach $ 200 but who will replace everything NVDA has been doing since 1993
Like another poster posted ” baby ’ s first stock ”
Facts . I'm surprised I don't see more people commenting this ... nothing this past month was " normal , " there was something big happening politically or economically just about every day . Couple that with all the earnings releases , and it being an election year and the volatility starts to make sense . I think a lot of people here JUST own this stock so they do not realize this is not isolated to Nvidia ... nearly my whole portfolio rallys and dips in tune with Nvidia ( though not nearly by the same % )
This person is 100 % right . I do mortgage banking for a living , and the richest clients I have when they send over their “ asset statement ” they have been in the same stocks for 10 to 15 years plus . A financial planner I work with says “ I wouldn ’ t look at your statement more than a few times a year ” . It is sage advice . Buffet once said something like “ if you ’ re not willing to hold a stock for ten years then don ’ t hold it for ten minutes ” let it ride and you will be rewarded .
It ’ s like you didn ’ t read anything I wrote . I didn ’ t complain . I just said I sympathize with people who are frustrated . I ’ ve even seen some big name analysts who are frustrated and call out the insane volatility . Also saying it ’ s not timing the market but time in the market does not make you some veteran investor savant . Any idiot can quote Warren Buffet . That quote was also geared toward index ’ s and not extremely volatile individual stocks in a potential emerging untested market that has a lot of heat on it to show a ROI to justify mass spending .
The banks didn ’ t wake up one day and decide the market was overvalued . What changed was their cost of borrowing . The banks and hedge funds had been going to Japan to borrow at extremely low interest rates ( their borrowing rate was negative domestically ) and then importing the money bank into the US to buy equities and bonds ( this is carry trade ) . The bank of Japan raised rates for the first time since 2007 in March and then raised them again this past month . They ’ re implying a third rate hike early next year as well . Keep in mind , US rate cuts were originally expected in late spring , with as many as 3 possible . Now it seems like we ’ ll get one in September and possibly more early next year . Point being , the cost of borrowing is going up and the economic stimulus expected from US rate cuts is happening more slowly than expected . The macroeconomic picture is looking less rosy so the banks want to take profits and limit exposure by selling their equity holdings . At some point the selling will stop but , we still won ’ t get rallies as strong as before because there will be less liquidity and more risk aversion . And to add fuel to the fire , the economic data on jobs growth and inflation was substantially weaker than expected this past week . As good as a company Nvidia is , their stock has several years of growth speculation ( into 2026 basically ) priced in . If the macro-economic conditions look bleaker for the whole market , it ’ s gonna get sold off .
I don ’ t know much about options . Sorry I can ’ t help
Volatility is not due to retail investors . It is due to institutional investors .
I knew there would be some sort volatility again that would bring it down . Market was behaving so weirdly . True , there was nothing holding it up but there was nothing boosting it up either . I pulled out significant sums and put significant sums back in there .
I agree that Tesla is obviously massively overvalued . They're a much less healthy and less well-positioned company than NVDA . I'm still not that wild about a forward P / E in the mid 40s - - thinking that's a great bargain would be treating NVDA like a growth stock rather than the already highly saturated , mature company that it is ( which is to say , it's based on perhaps delusional claims about growth of the overall market segment ) . But again , these prices don't have to be based on fundamentals and I want to be clear that I'm not suggesting the price will go down ( in fact I am holding a sizeable chunk of NVDA shares through the August earnings call ) . I'm just suggesting that people should be skeptical of _any_ confident claims of future valuation . I think a lot of people in this sub are quite new to investing and places like this are dangerous for people like that .
His point is , there's been so much fluctuation over the years ... at one point he lost 90 percent of his value . If you believe in the company , hang on . It's better now than it has ever been
If the market tells you it ’ s weak , then believe it . QQQ MA100 is the key
Parabolas don't resolve sideways
That ’ s how it works . The market is always looking to shake out the weak hands . When the algos detect retail investors it will systematically drop / raise the price .
It could be 0dte option trading by retails .
There's two different markets and retail is not impacting price discovery .
Very well said , Drew . My daughter is a new investor . She is a dance instructor and will never make very much , but I do not worry about her future at all . She is all on board to max out her IRA . $ 500 every month , like clockwork . She'll dog sit or hustle to get private dance teaching gigs to make that happen . We have her in VOO , ( and a little in VOOG ) and she will make 10 % or a bit more every year on average , whether she checks it or not . She will live her life , and 45 years from now , when she is of retirement age , she will have $ 4.5 million or more . Nearly guaranteed , without worrying about it . Consistency over time is what is important . Not only will she have $ 4.5 million , but it will generate $ 450 k a year to live on , tax free ( it's a Roth ) . I used these past few days of volatility to remind her of the study that Fidelity did where they found that dead people have greater gains than living people in the stock market . The advantage she has over the non-living is that she can continue to contribute to her portfolio
I am a baby who bought this as my first stock once I got a huge bonus at work 😅 Obviously saved a ton and diversified but this is the biggest one for me right now
its a 3T marketcap company acting like its a micro / small cap .
I want to clarify that I am not fragile , just a little high strung . 🫣
But these are the same people buying shares in the stock , upping the market cap and increasing share price so without them , you all would still be at < $ 50 / share
There ’ s enough in the world to toughen a person . Zero reason for you to be a part of the problem . Do better .
Nope . As you can see from my prior posts , I ’ m not one . But nevertheless I will stand up for others .
That ’ s funny , considering that bullying is an act of the weak .
I don ’ t disagree with you , this is true . just saying that making 103 % when you have just 120-200 shares that you have bought for 110 each .. isn ’ t as exciting for a person who have bought right when the share price was down to 20-40 and bought 5-10 K of them . Also easier for a person who paid 20-40 per share to not panic when the share is 95-97 whereas the person who bought at 115-125 worries ;-) Anyway I hope all of us are gonna make good gains at the „ end “ of this year
That ’ d be like trying to follow a roller coaster with some pretty steep drops haha
Yeah you just need to have enough money to buy the “ dip ”
Well , if someone bought Intel 10 years ago and decided to look at it today they would see they broke even 😂 🤣 😂 🤣 . Nothing wrong with watching your stocks in this environment
Yea , you know why they can allow themselves to do that ? Because they are your richest clients and they do not have to give two hoots about whether or not Nvidia goes up or down - they are already rich !
I believe I i read you pretty clearly . You said you were frustrated with the ups and downs . Now , I can tell you the good investors i know would just shake off a bad day and then just let good stocks do their thing . Everything is paper gains / losses until you make them permanent . Nothing you can do affects the stock performance — everything is out of your hands other than staying or going . So what do you gain exactly other than perhaps making yourself lose some stomach lining or gain some gray hairs by getting frustrated with it . Like i said , if you really believe in nvda , just suck up to the fact that it has and will always be a high beta stock . If you can ’ t deal with the volatility , then maybe this is not the right investment vehicle for you . And there is nothing wrong with not having the stomach for volatility . But getting frustrated at something that you have no real control over anything is not the best way to go . Letting it do its thing and checking it periodically is much healthier .
Thanks for elaborating . This is a very compelling explanation of what ’ s going on .
I didn ’ t say it was retail investors
Oh 100 % . I ’ m playing this stock quarter by quarter as this is an emerging technology and investors are already demanding solid ROIs when AI is in its infancy . No one knows how AI is going to play out . Could fizzle out . It could be a revolutionary technology but maybe it takes 20 years for it to fully develop . People acting like they are just going to hold Nvidia for 3-5 years and come back to million dollar portfolios are literally gambling .
Easier to say when you're up 12 fucking million LMAO . Most people panicking here are down big cause they bought this year at the top .
How do you know when to buy ? When it crosses the MA100 again ?
everyone in the world is trading large amounts of NVDA so that ’ s to be expected . It ’ s pulling back . The chart actually looks amazing right now . I ’ ll be investing more over the next week .
It's a mega growth company . Any time you have this , there's the speculation of " is the growth slowing / stopping now ? will it accelerate ? " . Doesn't matter how small / large cap it is , since prospective growth is percentage based . What forward P / E do you valuate it on ? 20 ? 30 ? 40 ? 50 ? if you think 40 and most folks disagree and think 20 , and some slowdown evidence comes up you might half your investment quickly .
just invest into AAPL , MSFT and see your money go nowhere for years .
I disagree , it's important to learn to laugh at yourself especially when things are bad . You are being overly defensive .
Not mocking anyone just advising to be patient and wait out the storm .
I made a math argument , because that's what I'm an expert at . Math applies to everyone , regardless of how they feel about something . And even if someone is down 30 % and can't see that gaining 103 % between now and Christmas is hopeful ... they shouldn't be in the markets . Also , I do not think we are going to be at 220 by Christmas . This was illustrative .
Coupla brokies eh ?
don ’ t mistake the cart and horse relationship . What External is telling you is precisely because they know how investments are best handled is how they get rich in the first place , not the other way around ( which wouldn ’ t make sense ) . One simple fact — 98 % of day traders lose . Look it up . Also look at how many reddit threads are of people who lost their shirts day trading or doing options . They might win some but invariably they give up their gains at some points and more . If people can understand at least that , they would know why trying to worry about daily stock variations is pointless . Unless you pick the wrong company to invest in , letting the stock do its thing is the best . A lot of the time , the gains are on some random , unpredictable days in which some odd catalysts happen and the stock jumps a large amount . trying to predict and worry about daily stock movements is like trying to read tea leaves or predict the weather . Last i heard neither one has high reliability or prognostication .
You certainly implied it
That $ 12 million were only $ 40k 10 years ago . Just 2 years ago it was only $ 1.2 million and dropped from like $ 4 million within a year . His Dad has only $ 12 million because he had the cohones to remain invested as a millionaire despite the drop of > 70 % in 2022 . What his Dad sees isn't the daily movement but a chance to have $ 50-100 million in one stock in the next decade . That is how investors think . Buffet's main success is based on the idea that every dollar he sees today is worth $ 10 to him in the future . That's how he started saving like a maniac in his teens . The $ 12m he has today , might be a daily movement in 10 year from now . The difference of traders and investors is that traders overestimate the short term and totally underestimate the longterm . Investors ignore the short term and are rewarded with more than expected longterm .
Well there's still a lot of room for it to run . I'm looking for my own Nvidia , and I'm Buying as much as I can . It may not return like it has before , but it's hard to lose with this one
Lmao my average share price for apple is ~ 170 all accumulated in the past year 29 % gains in less than a year is not going nowhere . You just suck at entries . Probably the most telegraphed movement of all time . Like people actually thought aapl wouldnt make some bullshit ai move 💀
I agree . Overly defensive people are a chore to be around .
There ’ s a time and place for everything . Empathy is knowing when that time and place is . Sure one should be able to sometimes take a step back and have a good laugh at ourselves . But that ’ s on them . What you choose to do , especially if it ’ s rude , is a fault entirely on you . Regardless of how they may or may not ultimately take it , the intention to harm was made from you , as a choice . That ’ s a you problem . I don ’ t want to be that guy that weathers on a party , but like wtf were you thinking ? Have some tact .
Look , I get it , long-term investment makes a ton of sense , but it may not be the thing to say to people after a stock has lost some 35 % of its value after ATH in like a month . Some folks need to learn how to read the room a bit . Besides , I am willing to bet that that guy's " richest clients " didn't get rich from investing cautiously for decades but from inheritance , which is generally how it's done in the West these days . But admittedly , that is beside the point .
You think NVDA will be 22 trillion in ten years ? JFC no wonder there's so many bag holders in this sub .
I agree with you , but they just made fun of people for being inexperienced and thats likely the truth , where's the harm ? I didn't find it rude , they could have said ' all of you people freaking out are fucking inexperienced morons who deserve to lose money because you make stupid decisions and don't have what it takes to be successful ' In which case your reaction and more is warranted . But they just made fun of them for being out of their depth , that's funny because it's true
Oh , i get it , you just want to hear what you want to hear . That ’ s fine , please disregard our comments . I thought that by offering some insights it could help you gain some better perspective , but i guess it offends your sensitibilities and you just want to vent your own frustrations . I will let you sit on your angry seat and work it out then . FWIW , i didn ’ t read anything into External ’ s comment as involving nheritance or old money . I suppose when people see wealth they always assume that person got it from daddy . There are definitely some like that such as Trump , but there are also many self-made individuals who earned their own stripes from hard work and , well , good long term investing .
To be fair I didn ’ t think I was making fun of anyone . Just hitting with facts . The fact that this poster took it as an intention to harm tells me that they are great at parties . And that wasn ’ t said with intention to harm either . Just perception
I agree their threshold for danger is set way too low
OP , I wasn ’ t even referring to anything you said . I ’ m replying the guy above who called people babies .
Well then … & stand corrected and apologize !
Are you really this upset over a people being metaphorically referred to as babies ? I have to assume you just haven't heard that idiom before and don't realize it's not an insult . It's using the word baby to allude to people being brand new to something , as a literal baby is to life . Sheesh . However , even if it was directly calling people babies , it's not that big of a deal . You're kinda being a baby about it . 😏
Prior performance doesn't guarantee future performance but this seems to be a similar set up and if the pattern holds , we go up
Most of the folks invested in NVDA are about as confused as a fart in a fan factory . In effect , if a zombie was looking for brains , he'd walk right by them .
I just got my toes wet in Nvidia when it dropped to $ 98 - $ 100 . I wish I would of bought hundreds more already
I am more concerned about being exercised on my 160c for this week .
Man I have no idea what any of this shit means but I hope it means something good
I wasn't going to tell anybody ...
I bought 10 more shares … .
160-180 EOY as santa rally creates a mkt meltup and any concerns of Blackwell delays are in the rear view mirror .
Great graph . I have been following this . I played Puts today . I am no bear but I'll take the money .
Now this is a meme I can get behind ! !
Lol .. this is comical .. only options buyers are worried .
No don ’ t calm down . Panic sell now so I can buy more shares .
Based on someones post about a pullback ( Dieselcock maybe ? ) I altered my strategy this week and picked up weeklies at $ 130 when we hit the 4th deviation from the mean down today at $ 124 . I feel like an options ninja for the first time ever . Having a plan and sticking to the plan is insanely helpful . Still hoping to sell before earnings for the IV ramp and pick up after the crush .
No one can say that this is a predictor of what is going to happen .
Only Jensen can determine your future .
Just another buying op . No worries .
Keep in mind that Nanci " the insider " Pelosi has a ton of call options in play . And she ALWAYS WINS
let's just put arrows on charts pointing at random spots !
bravo
Works til it doesn ’ t ! 🚀
Did jacket wang just sell again ?
but enthusiasm has doubled . massive enthusiasm is a turn-off to serious investors because they read it as hype ? all in
Can't for the life of me see why this particular set of earnings is going to be so pivotal . Too much drama for a quarterly event
I am ready for that new $ 160 ATH
Bars Pattern tool is your friend . Predicted most of these past 2 months moves
Creates good FOMO for who don ’ t hold this stock yet and nice pumping .
Works until it doesn't . Regardless ! remindme 48 hours
Swinging calls on SPY 563 . If you weren ’ t buying today , I don ’ t know what to tell you .
lol at least give credit to Jake for the chart and projection
Calm down from what ? it was at 4.5 percent gains on Friday
Ok I'm calming down
I just want it to hit 150 so I can dump my bags already
[ deleted ]
Aged perfectly well . Classic .
Meaningless .
Let's mooning . Yeah !
Has there been any NVDA earnings report that was followed by GDP and Jobless Claims numbers dropping the next day in the premarket ? Cause that's happening this week .
Can you take this back to the prior 3-4 earnings dates . Curious as to what it shows
I don ’ t feel good about this earnings coming . I mean O expect them to be good but just concerned that the market will just sell on good news and tank it .
I cannot calm down . If Nvidia goes down I ’ ll sleep on the streets pretty soon
I like that you edited this from the classic quote . And I agree with the edited version .
While true , it also shows that it ’ s happened before so it ’ s plausible for it to repeat , which I think carries more weight than any situation that hasn ’ t happened before . The biggest cause of patterns in investing is human behavior and investor psychology , which neither have changed signification in the past few months . There ’ s a reason that certain technical analysis works to an extent . Look at price charts vs RSI , for example
may not be a pattern
We didn't go up
True ... But Pelosi did not sell and Jim Kramer is bearish on NVIDIA . If you know the markets , you know these are highly bullish signals ... :-)
What we lack in brains we make up for with returns 💸 💰 💰 💰
That's a vry clever insult . Lol
LOLOLOLOLOLOL
I spit out my coffee ... I have never heard that one before hahahahaha thank you !
LOLOLOLOLOLOL
🤣
I'm pretty new to investing ( started last week ) and was wondering if these things are cyclical or it's just a matter of technical analysis ? From my amateur perspective , I do not understand why anyone would sell a stock like Nvidia . Or is this just daytraders making the stock fluctuate for short term gains ? Any explanation would be appreciated , while I thouroughly believe in Nvidia from my own experience , I do not understand stock market psychology and the conditions for buying and selling . To me it just seemed like people got really afraid today once it hit over 130 $ and started selling like crazy . But why ? If we all just hold / buy we all just win , no ?
what are they confused about ?
You can't predict NVDA as much as you can predict the actual company . Unless you have insider info , you know about NVDA as much as Jim Crammer knows what his butthole looks like . I can say that there are only 2 video card makers , AMD and NVDA , but I wouldn't know if NVDA decides to file for bankruptcy tomorrow . But the likelihood of that is low to nonexistent .
Then why don ’ t you buy them back or buy another lot before it crosses the strike and hand them off
I've said in here that it's not the best to be holding weeklies in the week of earnings , that there will likely be IV crush . This should've been part of your plan . But good luck , it'll need a bit move and I hope it works out .
I ’ m honestly more concerned with all the hype at this point in time . Starting to look like a meme stock
probably the most relatable comment I've ever seen on this sub
Interesting info . I am currently eating some pretzels . Just wanted to let you know I am not going to eat them all right now ... I am going to leave some for later ...
I hedged at close on Friday too after it failed at 130 again . No shame in it .
It ’ s just as applicable as people calling tops and saying the market cap could never possibly hit whatever number . These things are absolutely predictors , because the way you get to an informed prediction is by looking at similar situations in the past . This in no way means that it will come true , but the point of TA is using massive amounts of data to make an informed decision on the most likely outcome of a situation . For what it ’ s worth I think TA is absolutely useless outside of an intraday setting on a ticker like nvidia , there just isn ’ t any applicable data for this situation . If you zoom out Tesla ’ s chart looks almost identical in its rise and fall over the years , but comparing nvidia to Tesla is pants on head stupid . You want nvidia TA you ’ d be better off looking at automobile stocks at the turn of the century ( conceptually , obviously economically no ) , if what they are attempting to do works out it will rewrite what we know about industry .
The data proposes the strategy to sell at earnings and buy back at the dip . However , this time might be different , who knows .
Someone gets it
maybe she already sold , you would notice on a one month delay
Call options expiring in December , and 20k shares , yeah .
I stand with Nanci and NVDA
Works every time , sixty percent of the time .
It's investor sentiment . The split allowed for a ton of new buyers and at that much lower price point it is a different kind of investor .
I will be messaging you in 2 days on [ * * 2024-08- 28 23:29 : 33 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-28%2023:29:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f1t2nc/please_calm_down_this_has_been_the_case_for_the/lk3d93f/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f1t2nc%2Fplease_calm_down_this_has_been_the_case_for_the%2Flk3d93f%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-28%2023%3A29%3A33%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f1t2nc ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Predictable
His name is already on the chart .
Exactly , but many posts of confused newbies today . So I'm just trying to help , but then I get downvoted on -0.90 % days encouraging people to hold a company that has down + 1800 % in my hold , and + 162 % YTD and still get sass . Man , fuck it .
Bow do you have bags @ $ 150 when the stock has an ATH of $ 140 🤷🏽‍♂ ️
Want to buy your Xbox back ?
This is a daily . The double top already played out and broke the down trend line . It also formed a double bottom on the daily , followed by breaking the DT line formed with the double top .
Go ask Jake , or load up a daily chart yourself .
Stop doing that shit
Why in the ever loving fuck would you put money you can ’ t afford to lose into something as volatile as Nvidia ? !
why do you think it will go down ? the only worry is buying when it's overvalued and then it's like basically wasting a year with no great appreciation in price on the medium-term it's high quality , it's not high risk , relax most feel it's good 6 months out and 12 months out
It may not be . It may be . We will have to see how the week finishes
Do not forget Cathie Wood sold at the dip ? , again !
Name checks out ✅
I choked on my coffee , didn't want to spit on my keyboard ... that was hilarious " fart in a fan factory " 🤣
Listen carefully . . . The " Big Picture " is this - back in 2006 , Nvidia created a software development platform , Cuda , which is at the heart of the inference portion of generative artificial intelligence . Software developers have been writing on this platform , and it gives Nvidia a huge lead on all comers . NVDA started working on Blackwell and its predecessors more than 12 years ago . NVDA ( Jensen ) had conviction that all of the things that are happening would get done and get done quickly . I think a lot of people don ’ t realize that it isn ’ t just one wave that Jensen is riding , he ’ s straddling two of them . First , he is pioneering accelerated computing . We had been stuck in a world of chips , dominated by Intel , that could have many functions . To have all these functions , the chips ran slower than we realized until Jensen showed us what could happen . He understood that gamer chips had to be faster than Intel ’ s chips . So , he designed them that way . And he designed many generations basically in his head just waiting for all of the equipment to catch up to where his brain was already . Accelerated computing , putting his chips ahead of all other chips , wasn ’ t known when his stock was worth $ 500 billion . Fast forward today , do not get confused by the " fog " of earnings and / or day to day machinations of the stock price . . . unless you are an options trader . If you are a commited investor , PLAY THE LONG GAME , i . e . , the " runway " is much , much , much longer than Wednesday's earnings announcement . ' Nuff said .
A big fart in a fan factory
I'll take the counter-bet that Cramer has a VERY good idea of what his butthole looks like .
Hating seeing negative numbers but went just a bit too far with the butthole I think .
Intel has gpu too . I have a a770 by intel . Is pretty good for its price for newer games but older games and xbox 360 emulation dont work too well .
Taxes ?
I am long the stock and short the Calls . It was a bit of a joke . I am so confident , that I am afraid it might go to 160 . Not quite though . Otherwise , I would not have sold the Calls . I think we will go over 160 , but just in November .
These pretzels are making me thirsty !
There is a lot of resistance at 130 . Once it pops thru ... 🚀
you are mostly right about TA ( higher time frames are just as , if not even more , useful than intraday ) . except TA goes out the window when it comes to events like news or earnings . everything depends on the ER and guidance . the stock is priced for perfection . if they keep smashing it out of the park the same gap up and go will happen .
All time since NVDA was publicly traded , it's stock is NEGATIVE 5 % ... outside of the 10 days before and 5 days after earnings . NVDA is up \ ~ 28000 % in that time frame .
They have to release any purchase or sale …
Want to take your mom out for dinner
I think I might have ADD or something . I have a compulsion
I just want to be rich . It sucks being poor
risks are moderate 47 % volatility ( going up 170 % this year is why it's got a roller coaster rating like that \ ] ( 11 % in the past 90 days ) ( 13 % in the past month ) ( 13 % in the past month ) ( down 0.63 % this week ) Beta 2.49 = that's how bad the swings can get 2.5 x the S & P 500 \ [ it's volatile to the MARKET , not not high risk \ ] \ [ growth stocks are usually volatile \ ] buying NOW at being 20 % overvalued right now may not be the brightest means that to make for that overpay with being overvalued , you're having the stock grow upwards , yet pull down to the mean , which is it's fair price estimate . So you're not making any money now to xmas , but at least you're going to make money afterwards , if things are still good . There are a lot of worse thing to buy ... MU or Intel in a bad year , or that British Semiconductor company ARM Holdings Now that's a poor quality stock so scary I can't even valuate it or figure out a fair value or the risks yes it's got growth and profits and gone up 100 % in the past year been in the news all spring and summer ... The worst Nvidia could do is go from $ 137 to $ 50 and yeah it could just as likely go up to $ 200 safer than GE or Rolls Royce
I think Nadia is gonna pretty much flatline till Xmas yeah it's volatile , big deal , may it has some EPS surprises and it wasn't a bad one .

... Time to Buy Nvidia's Stock Ahead of its First Post-Split Earnings Report ? 08/26 / 24-5 : 36PM EST Zacks Bottom Line Ahead of its Q2 report , Nvidia ’ s stock lands a Zacks Rank # 3 ( Hold ) . While Nvidia's valuation has become more reasonable , reaching or exceeding Q2 expectations may be critical to more upside along with reconfirming the Q4 launch of its Blackwell series chips which will be crucial to continuing its robust growth .
Bullish !
lol did she really ?
When ?
if its overvalued you can sell wait a few months and buy again if it seems as promising ​ you can play the the long game and do that too
Whoopi Goldberg beats Larry King every time Regis : Yes ! What is ' this ' all about ? [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQYHCLz\_bgw ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=DQYHCLz_bgw ) ​ Miss Ripa : it was my mug , not a Regis Ripper
gross
No he doesn't just as much as he doesn't know about the trend of any stock . And yes nasty .
Ya , my guess is it peaks at $ 145ish then slowly tapers back down in October and goes back up after the elections
$ 146 is my target post . Agree on longer term , election and rate cut aside .
These pretzels ... are MAKING ME THIRSTAY !
I was only saying TA is fairly useless for nvidia outside of a very short time frame , of course TA is even more useful over a larger time frame when the market is working “ normally ” which applies to most tickers on the stock market .
Thank you brother !
That makes no sense . The stock is negative outside the 10 days beforel 5 days after window ? Negative as in my eyes deceive me ... The ride back up from 96 was all a halucination we really are - 96 ?
Yes , on a one month delay
lol she doesn ’ t like gamers . i did get to know your mom well last night though !
Then don't invest in volatile stocks , go for an ETF or index fund if you can't handle it
upping the risk , WILL always teach people lessons lol
I get that , but this is the kind of mentality that creates gambling addicts or people who buy lotto tickets every week . You should only invest money you can lose , or don ’ t need access to for the next 5-10 years . Quit trying to chase insane black swan events and start building a strong core position using DCA . The goal is to pick something that you can add to and believe will go up over time . There is a REASON the general Reddit consensus / Warren Buffet advice to most is “ S & P and Chill ” . Nvidia and other volatile stocks are great , and will probably make you a ton of money in the long run … . but if these minor pullbacks have you panicking might I suggest diversifying . Nvidia dropped today , but it rose like % 10 in one day last week . Zoom out and it ’ s still WAY up .
Sadly , that mindset is what will keep you poor . Wanting to be rich is fine , but wanting to be rich and throwing it on a gamble with a volatile stock with more money than you should , isn't . Nobody likes being poor , but we need to invest responsibly . You're better off pulling out when you're green and just putting it into an ETF every month and letting it grow out . Unless you are already quite old .
then you got to be patient , stocks in theory could do something that basically puts bring rich on hold for a decade high quality stocks and diversification and never overpaying every time I say I want to be rich , I kick mysel , and eat a 1 lb bag of icing sugar , to increase my personal discipline . Unless I'm G Gordon Liddy and I get out a candle and a part of my hand or arm . \ [ smells burning flesh , I will not OVERPAY for NVDA smells burning flesh \ ] \ [ smells burning flesh , I will DIVERSIFY smells burning flesh \ ] \ [ smells burning flesh , I will read more NIETZSCHE smells burning flesh \ ]
it would have gone up more if not for the trade unwind
Your comment and your quote don't agree with each other
Owning nvidia makes it like xmas everyday …
June 25 and a few months prior to a nice rally !
June 25 and a few months prior !
Hot-Package 3527 : A big fart in a fan factory Stop it ! You've being vile . Vile ! Like a hot gaseous package ! ! Herr Guergler https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=35eehUXh2to [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryDpVpEv0Rs ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ryDpVpEv0Rs )
Wait ... you got that all wrong . It's ... MAKING ME TUESTAY !
TA is bullshit
He means overall we are still under $ 140 aren ’ t we ! We haven ’ t beat the high set at the last earnings
LOL ... what are you talking about ? " The ride back up to 96 ? " You're not seriously just talking about the last 3 weeks , right ? You realize I'm talking about the HISTORY of the stock ... and you're talking about 3 weeks and literally including some of those days that I'm talking about . Did you really read that as it's ALWAYS down in the 60 days that don't correspond to the earnings report ? I ... I'm not even sure how to respond to this ! LOL ... bud ...
lil 6th graders that just got came home from school that still do ur mom jokes calm down
people don't learn with an ETF they need to diversify and take risks with 5 % to their portfolio heck 30 % if you're nuts and if the kid makes a killing in NVDA he's not gonna learn much either
I peeked and puzzled over things , and I think there will be a mild happy thing with NVIDIA and everyone will calm down like ooh it's 1.5 % better than we expected , okay let's get some sandwiches
Well I don't think there are any EPS surprises in a bad way with NVidia very often , but those can jiggle a stock 70 % of the time a little or a lot , with good and bad EPS numbers that no one expected . I think it's overvalued and if you got it right now , you'd sit for half a year not making money . I'm not sure if anything I said was agreeing or disagreeing with each other , actually lol get a good stock , buy it cheap , worry later Zacks is saying HOLD your horses too for the week ( or more ) and no one messes with Zaaxon unless Value Line and Gurufocus veto Zaxby , and then they gotta take it down to the Univac 9100 hooked up to Howard Hughes Brain in a tank .
Are you saying my $ 8000 in Epam was a bad idea ? And I shouldn't have waited till 3 weeks ago when I only had $ 900 in dividends to buy some Nvidia . oh damn I guess I could afford a pizza for xmas sniffles lol
Indeed . And after that she didn ’ t buy NVDA either so from that perspective its not time to sell
The ride back up FROM 96 Read again . I'm looking for what you are talking about that we e been negative outside of days surrounding earnings .
A for the chart at the top of this page I need sunglasses or Bollinger bands , or a green or red arrow when things are significant . I don't think I care about 5 quarters of something , or maybe I do , when does the guy with the pencil thin moustache and pointer come out to explain the chart ? And is it going to be Phil Hartmann ?
Ok , you get that 5 days after the last earnings , it was at 114 , right ? So that's 90 to 114 in that particular time period . So 10 days before earnings ALL TIME ( not just one tiny sliver post-split ) and 5 days AFTER earnings in the HISTORY of the stock , it's down 5 % . Outisde of those 60 trading days a year . I don't ... really know how else to articulate this so you'll understand . Now Q1 that'd be ... what , 680 to 770 . And I feel like you don't really appreciate the " all-time " aspect of this . But this is as clear as I can make it .
This guy logs on to give people free money and naturally , redditors get mad at him for it .
Trust in dieselcock
Love these people arguing with the guy that has been right over and over The people who argued with him before in his well read posts are humbled and those who took his advice have profited . Edit : Sam , your website is a little glitchy .
Once again Dieselcock posts excellent analysis and gets a bunch of naysayers with nothing to add . For the short amount of time I've seen him post , he predicted : - Double top from 970ish to 750ish , then said it would blast thru 3 trillion ( 1100 or 1200 I forget ) . Everyone laughed at him but it all happened . - Then when NVDA hit 1400 ( 140 post split ) he said it would give back all of its post May earnings gains ( back to 92-93 post split ) . I didn't see anyone else predict this . Guess what , it happened ! ! It fell from 140 to 92 . Amazing . I will be ready to buy this dip . Thanks again Dieselcock !
Would it be a relatively quick pull back and rebound as NVDA earnings are approaching you think ?
I opened a couple of puts on Monday that expire Friday . I hope you are right . 😂
Only a fool tries to time the market . I had to sell * some * yesterday @129 . 5 ~ and would love it to go to 115 $ before earnings to get some back . Long term is my preference .
While reading this , I did ask to myself that the Sam Weiss name seems familiar . Then remembered , it is none other than YOU Diesel 😂 Thanks for the heads up mate . What are your thoughts on the ever-so-rare Thrust indicator that we got going on at the moment ?
The cock returns 🙌
Diesel ! ! ! I was just thinking about you .
My only question is how is NVIDIA more over bought at 130 then it was at 135 or 140 ?
Hello and thank you for your insight . I have questions for you . 1 . Do you see a long term price target for Nvidia ? I know someone who owns , lets say about 20,000 shares , and wants to at some point sell to retire and live off that money . This takes me to my second question . 2 . How long of a hold is this , realistically ? I see people saying they will hold forever but this obviously may not be a good idea .
Wait but the other guy posted that today was my last chance to buy the dip
So , sell my calls , buy puts , sell CCs till 30th
All in NVDA
So .. $ 15 discount ? 😋 😋 😋
Prediction is survival bias
I ’ m about to invest in a property , waiting for the bank ’ s approval . Unfortunately I have to sell the big part of my Nvidia shares to pay the down payment . My estimation is I ’ ll have to do that in 3 weeks . Do you think I should play safe and pull my money out now , or we ’ ll have similar or better picture then . Currently I think it ’ s best to do that after the earnings are published .
Any notice , is he citing to Sam Weiss from Fringe ? Who's family wrote the Original People Book allowing two universes to collide ?
What indicators are you using to support the overbought conditions on NVDA and AAPL ?
Forgot the tldr : buy puts expiring next week
Was that the full extent of the selloff earlier today ?
Is this the sell off ?
🙇🏽
I've got buy orders for 120 , 119 , 118 , 117 , 116 , and 115 . Hope it hits ! !
Not looking for financial advice but do you think it will drop to 115 ? Or is 120 more likely ?
The overall structure hasn ’ t changed .
Hey , I really like your posts ! You probably aren't looking for validation from Reddit , but appreciated anyways . I have 2 questions : 1 . After the Sep-Oct bull run is over , what do you think will be the new low price of Nvidia ? And around when do you think we will be there . 2 . Can you please point at a few resources to start on the track you obviously are an expert at .
5 year hold for me
I trust this guy !
Wow . So in other words , after a stock goes up for a while , it ’ s likely to go down a little ?
I ’ m begging for this to be true . I need NVDA to stay below 120 until my calls expire .
Give me the option plays that you're doin please and thank youu 😉
Thoughts on if I should sell and then buy again when it dips ?
🫡 🫡
Glory-Glory be to DieselCock . Please bless my Port as I await for the pull-back to buy some more and hold . Love it .
Cue advice from 500 people who could have taken OPs advice in the last year and made bank . This is definitely to be expected . I sold 150 and 160 calls a few days back in anticipation of the coming dip . I ’ ll scalp the profit prior to earnings , and invest more into June 2025 $ 120 and $ 130 call positions or NVDL . My entire NVDA strategy has been to sell PMCCs during rallies , scalp profit on dips and reinvest into underlying leaps .
Thank you for your experience . Was wondering if you already have a blog or sth like that . I'll bookmark that . As far as I understand , we recently had historic run ups throughout 2024 . In your opinion , how do you see the market in general ? Is it getting in bubble territory ? Is it already ? A lot of big players seem to trade at very high valuations .
I sold some yesterday . Will be happy to get back in lower
Appreciate your input , as always . Wish you had posted a day or 2 before (: I do think 130/130+ may happen before earnings and the pull back you are alluding to may happen after the earnings , only coz the stock ran up quickly not coz of bad earnings .
Thanks for the info
I've been holding since 2017 . Avg price ~ 2 $ / share ( given the splits ) In the short term I agree with you : there will be some bumps but the overall trend is upward . But there are some macro-economic storms brewing that will come full force in the medium term . The consumer is weakening . As the fed cut cycle is in full swing , unemployment tends to skyrocket . Eventually , the market catches up with what this means and sells off . Every fed cutting cycle ends with the market down . We'll see gains for much of the remaining 2024 , but 2025 will very much likely be a bear market so NVDA should be back to the high 90 ' s next year .
Would you say what happened yesterday was this ? Or has the sell off not occurred yet in your opinion ? Thanks in advance Mr . Dieselcock .
/ u / DieselCOCK op , what makes you compare NVDA relative to QQQ instead of SPY ?
Eh probably right but I ’ m not trading it . Hold baby !
Long hold for me
Notable commentary , however , you have one fairly major sequence wrong . It's not , as goes the NASDAQ - 100 , so goes NVDA . It's more like , as goes NVDA , so goes the NASDAQ - 100 ... and the S & P 500 ... and just about every large cap blend or growth ETF because all but about three of them hold NVDA .
There is also the J Powell Jackson hole event this week that is partly due to the sell off .
Hey guys just to tell you we dont care . Buy the dip or wait until it goes up . Thats how it works lol And dont fucking sell the dip , we dont want to read again " Fuck my life i sold at 94 $ because i cant wait and i watch every minutes if it goes up "
What ’ s your time frame and price prediction for Spy ? 3-5 % pull back by Friday ? Next Friday ?
You forgot to mention " Thanks to Chat GPT "
since momentum broken and 115 possible by Friday LUNR seems better bet in making money this week and possibly next
stocks will go down or up , as i predicted 2014
How about GOOGLE ?
Makes sense and is logical . Thanks Sam , great advice
Nvidia will pull back to 115 by Friday and possibly 110 - 115 range till earnings day .. momentum broke today .
Lol who's up voting this . Shake this short seller out of the trees . They still have life ?
I wish dude , I also felt like it was going to dip a little bit again before earnings , so I sold everything and went for lunr that's goign good aswell for now , and then I will buy Nvda again if it goes fown as I believed
What's your log term prediction ? What will be the market cap / stock price after 2-3 years ?
Free money ? He said nothing special .. he just said thya udually it goes down about 5 % but who cares about 5 % lmao ... Why would someone sell for a 5 % dip ? ?
In Dieselcock we trust
He's really the best poster here . All the haters have nothing to add besides hate .
Exactly . Fucking clowns 🤣
Bro he talked about a dip of about 5 % 10 % max , that's nothihg ... It means that you gotta buy at like 120-115 , but most of people have an average of 100-105 or something like that .. And he's baiting people to sell so he can do the same and buy at a lower cost .. nothing good said by this guy . It may dip down a little bit , but nobody knows WHEN . So this post is so stupid and useless , it only baits people to freaking sell their shares .
Yeah , these pullbacks typically last only a few days . Earnings will dictate the final results . Earnings will determine whether Nvidia makes fresh all-time highs very soon or whether it ’ s delayed a bit
Samesies 🤞
[ deleted ]
This post isn't about timing the market . It's more about outlining likely near-term peaks and forecasting where the next buying opportunity will be . Those who didn't buy in the low $ 120 ' s will have their chance this week or early next week . Then it's off to the races again ahead of earnings .
It went from 90 to 130 in two weeks
If you have a really high shares price average yes , if you are lower than 120 ur just oging to lose money by making it higher ..
Or just sell some
Guess he was right
So an exact price level is so much more difficult to forecast when we ’ re talking near-term . I have far less confidence in forecasting in the near-term than I do longer-term . Here ’ s what I am confident about in the near-term . That we ’ re likely going to see a $ 10 - $ 15 pullback sometime in the next 1-7 trading days . Can it rally to $ 135 and fall to $ 120 ? Sure . Can it go to $ 138 and fall to $ 125 before earnings . Sure . But each day we go on without a pullback the risk we ’ re going to see one increase . It ’ s more that we ’ re due for a sharp sell-off than it is about going down to a certain specific price point . I just know that due to being so overbought , a sharp pullback is coming and then another huge rally is going to follow . That ’ s the next structure of the chart . Sharp pullback . Rally to all-time highs . Timing wise . The QQQ looks ready to roll over a lot sooner rather than later ( 1-3 days ) . When that happen , Nvidia goes with it .
My gut feel is before earnings low is going to be somewhere between 120 and 125 . Of course , this is not advice ; implied or otherwise . Pullbacks and climbs have both happened immediately after earnings , so we will see what happens this time . A lot of these variations are influenced by MMs and most of us retail guys do not have any visibility into their machinations . We can only operate on data and gut feel . In the long run , NVDA is going to only go up . The game is to accumulate some profit as you go along .
Either one is a buying opportunity
So question 1 is too far ahead in the future . We don ’ t know what will come of earnings or what type of rally we ’ re going to see in the Nasdaq . Let me give you an example of why that type of outlook is difficult to forecast . The QQQ rallied from $ 341 up to $ 450 over 103 trading session ( 32 % ) between November 2023 and April 2024 . That ’ s 6 consecutive months of non / stop rallying and the biggest pullback we saw in that time was 4 % . After an 8 % correction in April , the QQQ rallied for over 40 trading sessions from May to July . The run went from $ 411 to $ 503.50 . We finally just had a real correction . The QQQ fell from $ 503.50 down to $ 423 . That ’ s $ 80 or 16 % . Since then it has rallied back 12 % . Okay . So let ’ s consider question # 1 . What we ’ d need to know is whether this is going to be like the Nov-April rally where the QQQ runs 30 % over 103 days or the May-July rally over 40 - days . I ’ m willing to wager it ’ s going to be the former because we just had a 16 % correction . But that ’ s impossible to know until we actually eclipse all-time highs and evaluate the structure of the trend . We certainly can ’ t forecast what ’ s going to happen in October today . What I can say is that between now and January , Nvidia is likely seeing all-time highs ( $ 150 ) . In terms of resources , I use stockcharts.com for charting . But I ’ m mostly experience-based knowledge . I ’ ve gained almost all my knowledge through experience . I just launched a blog at www.sam-weiss.com . Feel free to drop by . I ’ ll be posting some resources there under various topics relating to basics of stock investing .
well , it's supposed to go down to 115-120 by next Tuesday . However at the moment , the bulls are in control
Depends on your shares value average .. If it's higher than 120 yes , if it's lower no
He said in the comments here he expects a $ 10-15 dip . Recent high was $ 130 so the sell-off probably hasn't happened yet .
ChatGPT isn ’ t capable of putting a post or content like this together . It is currently outside of its capabilities . I don ’ t doubt this could be mistaken for a ChatGPT post . But only by those who don ’ t have a sufficient level of experience or expertise in the trade to differentiate . With enough knowledge and experience you ’ ll soon be to tell the difference . Keep at it . You ’ ll get there .
That is so obviously not written by chatgpt
Idk if it's going to last 1 week the growth , it could be a growth of 1 day
Great . So what ’ s the point exactly ? Because this can be said of ANY ARGUMENT in favor of investing . “ I want to invest in this house for the long-term . Maybe sell it in 20 - years . ” Houses can go up and they can go down . “ Billions if not trillions of dollars are going to be poured into Ai in the future . I think I ’ ll buy some Ai stocks . ” Stocks go up and they go down . “ I ’ ve made $ 2 million on my commercial real estate property . I think I ’ ll sell . ” Properties go up and they go down . — — See how useless a statement like that is ? And think about how that statements reflects on the author in each of these scenarios above . Anytime I see a statement like that , I draw similar conclusions .
Brilliant analysis . Care to share your reasoning ? NVDA continues to make higher lows and higher highs above a rising 5 - day moving average . There is no break of short-term momentum . OP is right in that we are extended in the short-term , but the entire world that missed the August 5 bottom is waiting for a pullback . The market typically does not make it so easy . I seriously doubt NVDA will see prices below 120 ever again , though I don't have the same crystal ball that you do .
I'm up voting because OP has been on point . Why don't you stfu and read their post history ?
Silly bull .
We talked about buying not selling . And how much money 5 % is , is dependend on your investment . With leverage for example , 5 % is a good amount of cash to earn .
All glory to Dieselcock
you have literally 0 clue on how influential 5-10 % is in options , do you
No he didn't say any of that . He is just giving people an opportunity to buy a dip 🤦 he expects it go to to 150 after the dip . He didn't tell anyone to sell their shares . Just set buys between 115 and 120 and you're all set .
It's dipping now .
Based off what mag 7 companies such as MSFT and META have been saying in their earnings , it seems their capex spending for GPUs continues speeding up so I ’ m thinking we can expect another expectations beat for NVDA . Possibly $ 31B +
I bought nvda calls today for three days . You saying I should sell and take the L and try in a few days ? Shit day to do a call option .
Still moving sideways 😞
If it is guaranteed to go back up , then its already reflected in the stock price . Never take anything for gruanted . It might stay around 130 and burst to 140-145 immediately thereafter . We don't know . I disagree with your analysis but only time will tell :-)
My cost basis didn't really reach a level to where my risk exceeds the potential reward . I bought in around $ 90 . I'm holding a long position ( looking to sell when it hits its avg price target ) so I think I'm okay .
I appreciate his DD . The sell off wasn ’ t that much and a lot of this had to do with Jackson Hole . As far as NVDA rallying today that was in line with J Powells dovish speech at Jackson Hole . This sort of movement is fairly consistent with economics data reporting and Fed speak . If you look at the other players in tech you will see a similar chart . AAPL chart looks almost identical to NVDA this AM As for the NVDA rally coming … that has a lot to do with Hyper-scalers reporting continued CAPEX spend on data centers this earnings season . It is generally considered that NVDA will beat and raise . He is speaking more to historical trends and TA with QQQ and Nasdaq . The RSI on the 1D for NVDA was not horribly overbought . The RSI was in the 60 ’ s and can be pegged above 80 for a few days before reversing . The opposite is the RSI getting into the 20 ’ s where an oversold condition tends to reverse fairly soon after on these Mega Cap stocks . So to boil down his post in simple terms : RSI looking overbought , trends showing upside . Keep in mind historically the fall is bullish and extremely bullish post election . So if NVDA beats and confirms the Hyper-scaler CAPEX spend with increased revenue then yes it will rally just like it did last quarter . Going into the fall it could rally even more with the entire SP500 as rate cuts will most likely occur . There is a little more at play here than technical analysis . Don ’ t get me wrong I use TA daily here . But news / economics plays into this as well as fundamentals . What was interesting and he has not responded to my comment on another thread . A few months ago he made a point of saying NVDA would be stuck in the 120 ’ s because of the problem with reaching a 3 trillion market cap . Basically saying it had reached a peak along with most companies at 3T . Now he is saying 200 is the high which would put NVDA at close to a 5 trillion market cap . Curious to why the sudden change of heart .
It ’ s $ 125 now so you ’ re already spot on . Buy tomorrow ?
Thank you for your reply . I really enjoy your analysis , look forward to future predictions !
Great stuff ... thank you for taking the time to post ... adds a lot to the sub ! ! !
I love your analysis . Thanks for the insight … we are clearly seeing a small pullback now . I think it continues to a couple days before earnings .
Do you think your outlook coincides with Buffett ’ s move to a greater cash holding ?
Don't disagree , just out of money to invest lol
Thank you !
What ’ s your back ground ? Is this hobby related or career related ? You post real knowledgeable stuff , keep it up
yeah if there ’ s anybody i should listen to it ’ s a guy name dieselcock on Reddit
I was holding till today as well and sold seeing break on the momentum ... did same few weeks back and had mentioned folks to sell and then the major crash occurred ... loaded up and was telling folks earlier that it will touch 125 last Friday which it did and was hoping 140 this week but I don't think 140 will occur and likely a small pullback for weak hands to 115 is more likely now . Better play is LUNR this week . could double potentially by Friday
I pledge allegiance to dieselcuck …
It's not that . I'm just saying that the post is useless because he says that one day it's going to dip , but he doesn't know if it's going to be before or after earnings .. that makes no sense , who cares ..
Didn't he say " big sell off " ?
Love to see I sold then bought a Put and it ’ s now surging upwards . Love it man , love being here
Are you green now ?
What part do you disagree with . I post the reasoning , historical analysis and trend . I published this yesterday when NVDA was at $ 130 . It's fine to disagree , just maybe consider what premise you take issue with . Right now , I'm saying very specifically that NVDA , Apple and the NASDAQ - 100 are all headed lower near-term due to the fact that all three are extremely overbought . NVDA being the most overbought it has been in 6 - months . If you go back and look at NVDA's history for the past year and a half since it started running , overbought preceded sharp pull-backs nearly EVERY TIME . The last 18-20 times the QQQ was this overbought , it also pulled back a good 3-4 % . Are you disagreeing with that ?
Lol dick . Yeah it's a horrible username . Wish I could change it . Alas , I'm stuck with it . When I registered the username it was in a different time for a different purpose . I created a new account , but don't have enough karma to sneeze apparently . This whole karma thing is kinda annoying .
Late to the party but in now . 4 calls for sept at 160 . It's my mortgage . But hey you can be late once
No , the title literally says " sell off " . You threw the word big in there for no reason .
Bruh you really shouldn't try to time a reversal . The issue is we don't know if a sell off is going to happen or how violent it will be , just that it is likely based on historical patterns .
That's ... Not what he suggested at all . He simply told us to prepare for a buying opportunity , not to try to time weekly options 🤦 he didn't say the dip would happen at market open today . Don't blame him for your actions .
Your put must be doing well now .
Yes !
i don ’ t think there will be a massive sell off . that already happened . if anything , it ’ ll drift downwards to a stable price 118-122 maybe ? and go up and down a bit before earnings .
No , I fully accept the analysis of the past . What I disagree with , is the conclusion that it is bound to happen . Logic says it will , but it also may not . Someone willing to buy @127 might wait for the 120 and before he realizes it is 135 ... I agree on the past and the fact the forcast ( might ) materialize .
What are your thoughts on up until fed rate cuts , then a massive pullpack / mini recession as this market is copying 2007-2008 election year and historically rate cuts after massive spikes lead into recessions . Everyone expects the hike to drive prices up , perfect scenario to sell the overbought markets .
TLDR , but skimming did you account for macro of fed announcement of September fund rate dropping this week ?
I prefer Dieselcock , thanks for taking the time to post !
So what does it change .. it still says sell off lmao
Haha yeah these are the hard lessons I ’ m learning . There ’ s always so much information to digest , makes it hard to make an informed decision . I think what I should have done was made the contract longer than 3 days . Or , probably just sat back and watched the real ones make money because they know what they ’ re doing , and me stay Even Steven .
LOL no I ’ m not blaming him at all ! I would never blame someone for my fault . I ’ m basically saying I interpreted what he said as this , and it ’ s not working out . I mean , what he said insinuated that there ’ s going to be a dip , and it could be x amount . Well , yesterday dipped , and looked like it could continue to dip for a couple days , so that ’ s why I chose to do what I did .
Yeah I sold for a small profit . Greed will take that away , so rather come out with something than lose !
Nothing is a given , but I think the TA says what is likely to happen . Even if it went up to 135 , there is nothing to say it won't go back under 120 right after . Good investors look for buying opportunities instead of going with FOMO and thinking what it could do or what they could miss out on .
That ’ s baked into the technicals . Why do you think we ’ re so overbought . This had been the most robust rally we ’ ve seen since the 2022 lows in the stock market . All the fundamentals figure into that . The same goes for every other time we ’ ve seen extremely overbought conditions .
Check back in a couple weeks .
3 days is basically gambling lol
He said $ 10-15 pullback . Was yesterday a $ 10-15 pullback ?
That ’ s a pretty big shift to leave out as “ baked in ”
So after earnings 😂 😂 , no sense post ... It was obvious after earnings , but he was so sure about it before earnings
100 % , I will not deny that . FOMO took over and I couldn ’ t help myself try to “ get lucky ” .
Does a “ pullback ” imply it ’ s in one trading day , or the whole sell off cycle .
So when I say that it ’ s baked in , I ’ m talking ALL KNOWN data points . The technicals are a reflection of the market as a whole and that means all known data points . When I say “ known ” data points , I ’ m talking anything and everything already known by market participants . An unknown data point , which wouldn ’ t be reflected in the technicals , would be something that completely took the market by surprise . For example , let ’ s say the fed came out tomorrow morning and said , “ we ’ ve had an emergency meeting and decided to reverse course on policy and we ’ re going to start raising rates again . We simply aren ’ t confident enough that inflation has been contained . ” There ’ s no current risk the fed would ever do something like this . It ’ s not baked in . Say the fed did the same thing , but we ’ ve had rumors they ’ d he doing so since last week . Well then those rumors would lead to the risk that the fed might reverse course and that risk would then be baked in . A terrorist attack or President Trump suddenly fallen ill aren ’ t baked in . The point here is this . If YOU OR I , or anyone else knows something is coming , it ’ s already baked into the technicals . That ’ s because the market is already expecting an outcome and that outcome is already built into the pricing structure of the market . Sometimes the risk could hold the market back until the news is released in which case it will then run afterward . That ’ s typically with big reports like inflation where the market doesn ’ t want to buy in until the risk has passed . But in most other cases , good news gets priced in very quickly .
Since you've been investing for a whole month , let us know what will happen then . You clearly have it all figured out . https://www.reddit.com/r/ETFs/s/sfODuEtfLn
He said the $ 10-15 pullback ( buying opportunity ) may last a few days at most .
Most people overhype , as soon as news spreads NVIDIA is big it gets overbought as if nothing happened , and thats exactly what I agree with in this comment . I realized this with crypto when I used to pay attention to it . I hated how volatile and risky it was but because I bought into it I learned alot from it , im over it now .. and I learned a lot about stocks once I started looking deeper . This is exactly what people should watch for in order to make smart decisions and not buy impulsively as there is information out there and wise words from people who know the market and how to analyze it .. no it can't be timed or predicted .. but I'd rather look to someone who knows facts and uses logic to make good decisions ( based on historical data ) .. at least that way you know what your buying and not regretting when you entered to buy .. What most other people do is buy in when the price is already at its peak . I've made that mistake once or twice , , but is it really a mistake if your going in for the long term run .. as long as you don't regret it ... This is exactly why I started doing more research to make sure I was satisfied before I jumped the gun at least now ( recently ) started to pay more attention and put more care into my reasons for getting into something that could potentially be a good investment opportunity .
Exactly … do you see where I ’ m coming from then ? ?
Not really . You're gambling with weekly options which is impossible to time .
All hail lord dieselcock
Roger that captain dieselcock 🫡
I ’ ve been buying at 123ish selling at 129ish a few times . Bought 500 shares at 127ish , planning to trade at 140 . Would it be greedy to wait for 150 ?
Thank you for that thoughtful and well developed analysis . Now we sit on the banks of the river with our fishing poles in the water and wait
I feel like if NVDA has eps of 0.8 x , we ’ ll most likely see 165 within a week or so .
Consistent solid analysis thanks for posting ! ! You are a valued member
Thanks dude . Great write up
My Lord I bow
In diesel cock we trust 👌
175 by new years ! Or so I ’ ve heard …
That is what I needed for a good night sleep 💤 and wait tomorrow patiently for NVDA to deliver . Thanks 🙏
Every time dieselcock posts , I get an erection .
I always look forward to reading your posts . Thank you !
We have been so blessed with dieselcock this past week ! Where the haters at ?
Father diesel .. bless us
tldr #BULLISH
Good to have the diesel here in this forum
Dieselcock for Life 🫵
What happens now ? Earnings were good , but the stock still went down after hourse .
For he has spoken , so shall I follow his word .
We love you ( r ) Dieselcock
I live for your posts ! ! !
I hold QQQ and ONEQ and find it interesting how differently they sometimes act .
Great analysis .
If dieselcock says in I ’ m fucking IN !
I ’ m new to investing when is corrections ? Is it the day after the earnings ?
when can i buy subscription for your analysis u / Dieselcock , just take all my Nvidia profit
Would you suggest use the reverse iron condor strategy ?
Respect , Thanks brother . 🏆
a man can dream !
Thank you . Please reanalyze to make it go to $ 200 by Friday . Standing by .
Nice , same analysis I arrived at 2 days ago . Even if you are in TSLA or META , this earnings is as important as other stocks you own . Fingers crossed guidance is strong and we moon to $ 150 ' s and beyond
r / Dieselcock Can I not just buy now , wait until the market closes , and create a sell limit order a few dollars below the closing price ? If I use ctrl-enter on ToS it will act as a market order and get me the best price , so it doesn't gap . What do you think ?
Thanks Sam 🤜 🤛 👍 👍 👍 , 🫵 🪨
I guess we are in the less likely , market dip scenario , though maybe that has more to do with SMCI Financial Scandals rather than Nvidia itself
Nice analysis Sam
Remind me in 4 days .
If he's in , I'm in .
imma sucka his massive diesel cock no cap on god
No , not greedy . I have triggers set for $ 160 . I've done a lot of math . I know past performance doesn't indicate what will happen in the future always , but I think it's very plausible for NVDA to hit $ 160 , possibly $ 170 the first week or two into September if earnings kick ass ( which they pretty much always do ) . It won't stay in those ranges . But there's a lot of opportunity to make bank .
Set a stop loss order that can be exercised in the post market . Otherwise if guidance is lower it wont see 140 for a while . Lets hope the blackwell news was just a rumour and we moon !
I ’ m predicting 0.75 with $ 150 by next Friday .
Damn son
It won ’ t last . We ’ ll pullback a little maybe . But the market is still likely going higher intermediate and long-term . This is all still part of the same short-term pullback . So down short-term maybe 1-3 weeks . Up intermediate ( 4-12 weeks ) and long term .
Analysts projected nvidia to beat earnings higher than expected . They still beat earnings from last year but not as much as they thought it would . They also announced $ 50billion in buybacks which is a positive thing . Because the market was expecting a blow out then it ’ ll probably dip
He is forecasting weeks or months out , not days .
What if ... instead of the usual white stuff , it shoots diesel instead , What will you do then ?
Same , my average price is $ 95 with 650 shares . Once it hits $ 150 - $ 160 , I ’ m selling off and waiting for that sweet dip then buying more .
Do you really think a market cap of 4 trillion is likely ?
What are you expecting the stock to pull back to ?
I guess you think all this recession talk is overblown ?
It ’ s funny to see someone speak with such confidence when commenting underneath a post with a prediction that was proven to be wildly incorrect .
Huh interesting , I didn't know what analysts were projecting this quarter ? Revenue > 32 Billion ? Didn't find anything just what's expected not what's projected
Become a car for efficiencyz
🤣 🤣 🤣
Drink the fucking gas and killith .
According to Jerome Powell , dollars are about to become cheaper in September . 4 trillion might be just the adjustment for the lowering interest rates .
The best analyst on the street only predicts thing right like 57 % of the time . This means they are only right half of the time which is better than anyone else . Unless you were able to know insider information you could ’ ve have predicted this
Nvidia was projecting with 2 % + - and it was technically correct since it came in at 30billion . Average analyst was around 31billion . So it was accurate but not good enough for the lofty expectations I guess . Short term it ’ s too volatile and a bunch of bs . Long term we should see it going up since the company will grow much larger . Problem is price to earnings is too high compared to other industries or companies . We are pricing in nvidia like it will save us from Armageddon . Like the economy will evolve to a different level . I think AI can do that for us but I ’ m beginning to think it could make life much worse for average people if it means most jobs are replaced . It ’ s many factors weighing on the stock in summary .
How would interest rates dropping by even half a point justify a 35 % gain in market cap within only two weeks ?
Exactly , that ’ s why people like you shouldn ’ t use phrases like “ far more likely . ” It ’ s misleading . Why would you want to he misleading ?
I'm just outlining a path . From what I've seen , the current price isn't entirely justified right now . That doesn't mean it won't move higher .
Do you have a 401k , IRA or HSA ? Any real estate ? You should diversify with index funds .
It is if you're putting it in " because of the hype " , it isn't if you're investing for the next 5 years . I have more in shares than you , and I do the same . I sleep well if it goes down to $ 95 just as I do if it goes to $ 140 .
Me too , since 2022 - 1561 shares . I ’ m 35 and don ’ t need any money right now so ima just let it cook for another 10 years and hope it all works out .
I ’ m actually stunned at the number of people who only hold one stock . No way , no how .
We all literally have only money in NVDA . Unfortunately , NVDA wouldn't accept my coconuts in exchange for their shares , so I had to give them only money .
No , you don't want to take money from your best idea and give it to a less good idea .
Yes if the stock is red No If stock is green
This isn't r / wallstreetbets
No dumb , but $ 170k is enough now . Start buying an ETF to get some other exposure . Like VTI , VT or SCHD . Since you got tech / semi NVDA .
You wanna be doing a 98 % NVDA 2 % VOO mix
Depends on your investment goal . It is extremely risky . It ’ s closer to gambling than investing . But could pay off big too . Want to take a risk and bet it all on black ? Or want to be safer and diversify ?
You will either be massively brilliant or a friggin idiot . Only time will tell …
you put all the eggs in 1 basket ? ?
Yes , very dumb . It wasn't dumb up until about 50K , then it became dumb . You're just begging to get your investments slaughtered by one big , unexpected event . How about putting 1K per month into NVDA and the other 1.5 K into a couple of good ETFs ? ( Preferably not tech-related )
It's smart until it isn't . I started working for CSCO in 96 . On top of the stock grants and ESPP , I would buy CSCO stock in the open market so in 2001 , I had almost $ 2M worth . Then the DotCom bubble burst , CSCO went from $ 80 a share to around $ 10 in a few months . I sold everything I could around $ 50 so wasn't too awful but I learned a good lesson about putting all my eggs in one basket . That lesson is don't put all your eggs in one basket . Also , I have quite a bit of NVDA tool . I sold 200k worth recently and it is being re-deployed elsewhere . You're doing well so keep up the good work !
I would not feel comfortable AT ALL with more than 20 % of my total stock portfolio in a single company ( there ARE other worthwhile investments besides Nvidia out there ) , but you do you - there are great gains to be had if Fors Fortuna smiles at you .
Yes . Heard of diversifying ? If stock takes a dump you will be hurting . I have as much as you in it but I also have some in  , Amazon , jnj , mutual funds , etf and some in the Gme just incase it squeezes again .
We'll find out this week 🙏
ah , i have a feeling op will be making a post in a month asking why nvda dipped .
Definitely not a great strategy long-term . If things go well , you'll stand to make out very well . If things go bad , then you'll lose a ton . Diversification helps to minimize these types of risks . At 26 , though , you've got a lot of risk tolerance and don't have to worry about losing everything since you've got a lot of time to make up in case you do . For now . When you turn 40 you might want to consider diversifying into many different sectors . AI could end up a huge bust and take down all of the big AI players , and NVIDIA would likely suffer the biggest losses since they would be the ones " selling the shovels " when the market for shovels vanishes .
Utter stupid , no professional will ever do that , no matter how much they think they are on to a winner . Why , because we learnt from history , or have been burned by something we thought was 100 % before . The amount of people who has gone blindly into this share because its done well recently , and are only 100 % in nvda here is stupid , pure gambling and hoping . Even if nvidia continues to sell well etc . doesn't mean the share price wont be affect by other stuff , stuff outside of nvda control . A fire at the tsmc factory , china blockading taiwan , something stupid like someone at nvda upset someone at tsmc and they ends the deal . There are so many factors that is outside of nvda control , that can cause the share price to tank . Having all your eggs in 1 basket is never a good idea . The one true lesson i've learnt is to always protect your downside . You can win 100 times , but you only need to loose big 1 time to go back to zero .
Next level Regardation . Sell your shit .
It ’ s a risky move . It might work out for you , but it doesn ’ t mean it ’ s not risky . I would at least max out 401k and Roth first .
At your age , if you just left the 170K in NVDA alone and put the 2.5 K monthly into VTI or VOO you would probably retire with hundreds of millions of dollars . You're at the point that your montly interest is MUCH larger than your monthly contributions anyway . If we assume a very conservative return for NVDA of 20 % average annually , here you go . Age Portfolio Value * 27 170,000 * 37 1,052 , 595 * 47 6,517 , 391 * 57 40,353 , 973 * 66 208,217 , 638 I think it's okay if you diversify a bit at this point . You're going to be phenomenally wealthy . It's probably time to think about saving for the down payment on the house . Or hookers and blow are always an option too . :)
You're in an position to create the kind of generational wealth that most of us only dream about . Are you familiar with The Money Guy podcast ? Check it out on YouTube . As a general rule , you want to allocate your savings / investments in these buckets : 1 . 401K up to your company's match . Use Roth if possible at your age . If you have something like Fidelity's Brokerage Link as part of your 401K package , use that to avoid the typical shit funds that company's put 401Ks into . 2 . Fully fund Roth IRA ( until you don't qualify anymore ) 3 . HSA ( if you have one ) 4 . Rest of Company 401K up to max or save for other things or taxable brokerage account .
What is OP average share ? If it ’ s $ 95 then he sleeps like king Midas .
Insanely dumb . Please stop . Invest in the S & P 500 , do not keep dumping your money into what is a very highly speculative company at what may be the peak of its evaluation if you have no other savings
It is very dumb . You shouldn't be overexposed to a single stock . Bring it down to no more than 20 % of your portfolio , which is still overexposed honestly .
how do you have 170K at 26 ? ! ? !
Yes . It was different the past 2 years , when we are the beginning of AI euphoria . I had 100 % in Nvidia and turned 100k into 400k . But ... that's not smart anymore . The chances of this company exponentially increasing ( like the past 5 years ) is small . Just buy QQQ and VTI , keep adding to it , and you'll be set .
Don ’ t put all your eggs in one basket
Yeah it ’ s pretty dumb . No reason not to diversify .
Yes it is fucking dumb , you expose yourself too much
Bruh how tf u make that much
Hole up a min op . You have 170k in nvidia at what cost basis
Diversify . Otherwise this is just a gamble . This isn ’ t 2004 where investing 170k in nvda would have yielded you 7 million . At this point your 170k could be 350k or 1 million depending on the time you leave it in . So best to diversify .
While NVDA is a LONG stock and worth investing in , it is also good to have a diversified portfolio . On days when NVDA is red , I have other stocks which keep my account balanced or from going too deep in the red . There tons of other great stocks out there to consider . AVGO , CMG , ASTS , CLOV , HRTG , LOVE , RSI , CXDO , CLNE , LCID , CAVA ... just to name a few in my account . I have a great stake in all of those .
Yes .
Whether it ’ s dumb as others have stated depends on your reasoning for doing this . No decision is right or wrong . It ’ s the principles and reasoning behind those decisions that matter . This is the only way you can be consistent and eventually successful in life - through valid and clear feedback on whether your experiment worked or didn ’ t . It isn ’ t always clear or valid in truth but knowing your decision making rules is the only way for that to be a possibility . That aside , as long as you have emergency savings , maybe some extra cash and are maxing out your employer contribution for 401k , this could be a good move Me personally I would be in at least one other stock or 2 but honestly if you believe in the company why dilute . That ’ s why I divested from Meta and reinforced my TSLA and NVDA positions . My only 2 stocks
I am right with you . All in except for some running around money for the next 10 yrs in cash . lol
You're buying in late in a massive hype cycle and arguably market bubble . I would reevaluate . Great company but it's generally best to buy when everyone's trash talking a good stock than when everyone has inflated expectations to Pluto and back . I had about the same amount in NVIDIA , it was only a fraction of my portfolio and i just cashed out all of it . Stock is way overvalued at this point . At the very least i would diversify . You worked too hard for that money and there are always good opportunities to find in the stock market .
It's post like this that help me confirm it's time to sell . So thanks
😂 ai is wild
I have options in NVDA expiring 9/27 currently up but bitting my nails . Can ’ t wait for Mondays trading day to commence . Let ’ s goo !
Good choice I ’ d say May I ask what do you work and what ’ s your advice for me getting a high paying job ?
Yes
No . You are not . Long term . 5 years . You win
Yes
so you have around 1378 Nvidia shares ?
If you want a lesson in how it can go wrong then head over to r / plugpowerstock and listen to all the folk that bought the hype between $ 40 and $ 70 and are now sitting just above $ 2 Obviously different company / industry etc , but a timely reminder nonetheless of what can go wrong . Sure it could go back up and just might , but a lot of people are in the hole for a while now .
This subreddit is understandably biased as it is full of people who have made a lot of money off of NVDA . WTBS , it is unequivocally and completely stupid to have your entire portfolio in a single stock .
Yes it ’ s completely autistic please sell some dude god damn
They ’ re announcing an earnings report on Wednesday . So that will be … . interesting for you .
Yes .
Risky , I have like 25 % only
only in NVDA is crazy .
welcome to my club ! We are iron balled and emotionally detached and tuned out the naysayers and perma-Bears because we have been around for a long time and know that Jensen was thinking much bigger than gaming . He realized that he could earn enough from gaming while they come up with a solution that happened to be the Skeleton Key unlocking the most realistic graphics made possible by 1999 the GPU and since that time we have discovered it unlocks the seemingly endless possibilities that it can be deployed and since it is now being used in healthcare , manufacturing , 8 years of R & D has them on to 2.0 Quantum computing l3 - 18 million for one computer they have a partner that just sold their first of 4 in its first generation and they are keeping one for their business
Yes .
you'll find out this week
I have some sell orders for Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday . I ’ m obvi long term holder but I ’ d like to take a few profits off the top and shave a little before elections and bloody September .
What's the average price ?
People trying to give this guy advise … .. no one knows the future … . NO ONE . If Nvidia kills it on earnings then this pumps and he gets a fat reward . If they don ’ t beat on expected earnings then this drops 10-20 % until next earnings
Eggs and basket come to mind
Its really dumb , probably the most overhyped stock ever .
Sounds about right
I would not purchase a stock because of hype . That sounds wrong , and I have 30 % of my money in Nvidia .
I bought it at 14 and have 4k shares . it's only a small part of my overall portfolio but I'm not selling for at least a couple of years . it is kind of wild to be all-in on one stock . lots of people did this with TSLA during the pandemic and lost their assess when it dropped 50 % and never recovered .
Me too , All in
I think it is risky . You should diversify . You never know what could happen .
Glad to see that I'm not the only one all in on nvidia
Depends on your cost basis and risk tolerance . I invested in NVDA over a decade ago . Sold a bit recently to diversify and plan on picking up more for the long haul . I wanted to reap gains before the US election to build up cash in a HYSA to reduce my risk in other areas . I'm older than you now , but started investing at a young age . I'd recommend having different " buckets " to reduce anxiety . 1 . Set it and forget it 2 . Smaller bucket for companies you have a hypothesis on . 2 will help with learning , education and understanding risk thresholds while you learn what you are comfortable with .
PER is literally bubbled
you should focus more on IRA's for tax reaasons and max those out every year . I have done $ 100k trades w / NVDL so I cant say its dumb BUT this was during that peak bull run
what do you do to have 10k monthly ?
i literally ONLY have money in nvidia \ * ur 26 bro
I think that as time goes on , companies will begin to go away from shitty AI chatbots and actually make meaningful change in the world Once media and investors are enlightened on a major use case they weren't paying attention to , it will become the catalyst to another rally I don't think it's dumb because life is a race against time itself and there is no meaning in being a millionaire in 30 years with the S & P500 when 10 million is the new million and you are simply just too old to enjoy the money you have One must take calculated risks at times and have the courage to live the life you desire
To much $ $ for one position . NVDA has clearly shown that they are leaders in the field and from here the technology just gets more robust . We just need to be aware at some point earnings settle down and then it ’ s a tsunami when the market tanks it , as well as the other MAG 7 . Just be cautious and look to invest in a more diverse way .
I went all in November 2023 . And used margin the whole time . This is usually ill-advised … but it ’ s 2024 . Electronic services is different than packaged goods . And monopolies have run away with stock market . We have fast media now too
But rycey kids
What could go wrong
what kinda freaking job do you have ! ! ! 10k monthly ? ?
Like asking scientologists if Xenu is real . Ask literally any other sub and they'll tell you it's a bad idea . Look at the chart for Cisco in the dot-com bubble . " This time it's different " .
NVDA is certainly a major growth stock for the next five years . but you DO realize it is also one of the most VOLATILE stock ever printed ! So if you can ignore the ups and downs , and you are not retiring for another decade , sure , ride that puppy . but if it dives like a submarine , and you chicken out and sell at the absolute bottom ... maybe you need to diversify a little . Maybe even starting today , before the earnings call
Time will tell . It's not necessarily dumb . It's risky . I have half of my overall portfolio in NVDA though it didn't start out that way . I've seen 375 % gains on some of my NVDA buys . At this point it would have to fall extremely far for me to lose out , so I feel fine about it I still think I'm a bit foolish to not sell some and diversify further , but I also believe the company's future growth will outperform ETFs like QQQ and VOO . Hindsight will tell if the move was bad or not . I think the odds are in our favor though . Having no diversification is very risky though . In a sense you are betting that the CEO won't get in a car accident , or that a building fire or natural disaster won't occur at a critical chip factory . There are lot of reasons something could go wrong . Spreading out a safety net is wise .
Yes , this is very dumb . Even if you make money doing this , it's dumb . Feel free to do as you wish of course but you asked 😁
Oh dear god , kid . There could be a sell off coming , and take it from me as a long time bull . I ’ m buying puts this week . Be careful .
yes .
Its not a question of smart or dumb its a question of risk tolerance and your ability to hold long term if needed . You are only 26 so It seems like you would not be needing this money short term if that is the case and you have the ability to ride out any large dips then you should be fine . That said a single stock consolidates all your risk into a single market sector and a single company in that sector . I know NVIDIA have market dominance with almost no serious competitors in sight but this can lead to other issues . Basically you are doing the riskiest thing in trading if its calculated and you are aware of the downsides then its not dumb its a high risk strategy .
I had $ NVDA since 2017 when it was $ 5.40 and own 1500 shares . I never predicted the stock price to reach these levels in my life . I don't recommend putting anymore into $ NVDA . Shift your investments into $ VOO or $ QQQ for better stability . Losing more $ 20K a day in unrealized loss is not fun at all .
Damn . You made 10k a month at the age of 26 . You can take some more serious risk .
Is this supposed to be a flex ?
Okay time to cash out - people like you make MMs dump to shake the band wagoners and then load back in at a cheaper rate
You are doing very well at 26 . Go for it , you could gain another 20 % . May be diversify 50 % after this earning report .
Remember when the . com bubble bursted and Cisco stocks fell hard ? What happens when people realize AI is not really that good , has existed for decades , and we literally don't have enough data or electricity to train these models to be good enough with our current algorithms and tech ? I'm looking towards braincells being the next form of computing . It learned pong really quickly and barely used any electricity . Putting all of your eggs in one basket is a terrible idea . If anything happens to nvidia such as AI fading away like the other previous buzz words or if nvidia gets caught for doing shady things , then you're gonna get scrwed . Please at least max out your roth and 401k . You get some tax advantages with them . Plus , you can pull out of your roth without penalties at any time as long as it isn't on the gains . Do you plan to buy a house ? Shouldn't you save towards that ? 20 % down will take a bit if you want a $ 600k house .
Is very risky , I can only suggest putting some money in a savings , retirement account like a roth , maybe start putting some money in a index etf that is lower risk and diversified unless you can tolerate NVDA future movement . It may be dumb but who ’ s to say it is if you bought at a good price . That you would be willing to keep on buying if it drop to that price again .
That's fine , as long as you are a long term investor
i have my most of my savings in NVDA and I started late unfortunately before the AI hype . my only regret was I didn't consistently invest in it before its success today
Yeah , it ’ s dumb .
You're an extremely high earning young person . It literally doesn't matter if it blows up or makes you easy rich lmao
Yes
[ removed ]
Im the same rn at 30 . Have no job though lol . Been buying since 2018 sitting at 210k , trying to get to a mill or waiting till im 35 . Though I do think AI will take over the economy . I was diversified in 2018 and that ended up being my biggest regret lol , only recently ( the last crash around Aug 1 ) did I sell my other stuff to put it into NVDA .
I would never invest just because they hype , that ’ s how you get poor and others get rich .
Yes , the markets never been more unstable and you're betting it all on the stock keeping the market up , if bad job number role in or ai hype dies , your toast .
if you can manage to not get shaken out , you're very smart . considering that you can handle last month's price action , you're set for success moving forward . anyone criticizing you doesn't have the balls to do what you do because they will fail when the price drops 30 % keep doing what you're doing there's only one real way to make money in the market . bet big , bet hard , bet on winners , and have conviction and bet on your own blood when you're bleeding . everyone else will have your one year returns after 15 years . most ppl need to do this because they can't handle what you can handle . so that works FOR THEM . but investing is personal . everyone has to approach it different . I would say that with your composure , you need to keep doing what you're doing and look for an exit plan when you believe nvda has topped , or if it will never .
the real question is how do you make 10k a month
Very smart . Do not diversify is my motto
If NVDA was minus 30 % after earnings would you be short 51k in your account ? ? ?
cash out on earning beat and wait
I think r / wallstreetbets is where you meant to post this
First things first . Fully fund a Roth IRA . Spread out amongst index funds and don ’ t look back . Love your conviction for Nividia but damn that ’ s a lot of concentration .
What else would you have in NVIDIA ?
Eggs meet basket
Yes it ’ s dumb . Don ’ t do that .
No I think you are brilliant as long as you keep it long long term
I love this sub but there are hella fake people posting lol
Good time to sell IMO
Too concentrated . You are just making a bet and will win big if it goes your way and lose big if it doesn't . If you are betting it's fine . If you are investing I would divest some from Nvidia , understanding that if Nvidia keep going up you will not gain as much , but at the sametime if it go to the shitter you won't kick yourself because you are not putting everything you have in it . So the trick for all of the good opportunities ( GME , crypto ) was correctly answer the questions when to get out / divest . People who did it are doing very well . I'll take some of that $ 170k and put a down payment on a property for example . Diversify
I put money in nvidia around 2018 definitely not going to withdraw until 5-10 more years . As long as you don ’ t need the money I ’ d say it ’ s a very good investment but you need patience and shouldn ’ t be looking for immediate ROIS
Dumb ass . FBTC
Very dumb .
On the long run it will pay off , but the semi sector is also somewhat cyclical , so try to read the room based on your needs
You made money . That ’ s not dumb . What ’ s dumb is keeping it there and not diversifying now that you ’ ve got your profits
Never put all your eggs in one basket
This is the way ... to FIRE
I have 50 % of my stock portfolio in NVDA and own a house with a lot of equity . From my point of view the only way to get rich is to invest like you are a CEO . In 2000 I put 50 % of my money in Tesla and it paid off . After reading about money management firms buying up huge amounts of Tesla , I sold 50 % of my index funds and took the calculated risk . It paid off . For NVIDIA , I might change course after earnings if the market shrugs them off . You ’ ll never make more than 12 % annual returns on index funds . If that ’ s ok , it ’ s a great strategy
sensible that you ’ re DCA ’ ing but evidence shows it ’ s only good for mid-long term investments
Sometime in the 60s ? Markowitz proved mathematically that by holding uncorrelated assets you could reduce your company specific risk in your portfolio . You'll still always have systematic risk , but you start to approach only that risk level by holding approximately 20 or more uncorrelated assets . This is why everyone diversifies today , and is the main component in modern portfolio theory . Yes , you do diversify away upside volatility and potential gains , but since the whole stock market on average grows , there's less reason to open yourself up to unnecessary risk .
Its extremly dumb and reasonable .
It will eventually correct . You should at the very least be hedging with options or something but if you only own one stock that ’ s probably too advanced . Markets correct . You need a plan for that or it ’ s , as you say , very dumb .
No , that's good for the retiring people , they're selling now at the top . Just stay put , you're young and in need of a lesson .
Yes it ’ s very dumb . The holy grail of investing is finding 5-10 very good minimally correlated investments . This lets you increase your returns relative to risk . NVIDIA is currently priced for perfection and exponential growth with little room for error . That ’ s how you can have a 5 % eps beat and an 8 % stock drop . NVIDIA is highly reliant on other companies capex which makes it highly cyclical since capex is cyclical ( usually about 5-6 quarters ) . So even if you hold long term and NVIDIA maintains market dominance and huge margins , you should expect down periods as well . I ’ m not sure the average retail investor is considering that at all right now .
Short answer : yes . Long answer : yessss
What ’ s that idiom about eggs and baskets again ?
Lol
Very smart
You know it is ...
How tf you make 10k a month lmao
Yes , very dumb .
It is dumb if you put anymore of it . 170k is more than enough .
Just say " All-in " every time you deposit more money . Thats a neat trick i use when making bad decisions
Me too . I have 180k in nvda and 80k on margin
Overnight breaking 130 now , this week is super bullish & you are on a smart move .
You should probably diversify to at least an S & P 500 etf . I ’ d start putting money in that now and let the NVDA ride . Or skim some profit and put that into a more diversified fund .
sell 170k before earnings and let the rest ride forever
Even if NVDA doubles this year , it is still pretty dumb to hold 100 % of your investments in just NVDA stock . Diversify ! That's the # 1 rule of investing .
I took everything I had , sold my previous positions in 2020 and bought Nvidia . Haven ’ t sold one share . I have life changing money . I am holding for many more years . It ’ s all I own
Have you seen NVDA's market cap ? I may swallow a large rock in the future but there is simply no way NVDA will keep growing like it has . If you got in at a good price , hold it . It would be sensible to at least diversify a tiny bit .
I love NVDA , and think the way you are saving is super smart . There is only one thing that makes me nervous about NVDA , and that is Taiwan . It might be wise after earnings and the move up to 150 to take some profit and diversifly a bit .
No , incredibly foolish and unwise . Ought to be in NVDL
Bitcoin
It's not the worst idea . Just stay away from options . With that said , what price did you get in at ? If you've accumulated quite some gains , then maybe have an exit strategy to realize some of those gains .
Very Smart ImO but this is not professional advice .
If you are you ’ re young and patient you are in a good position .
Based . You must make great money to get 10k after tax
I have about $ 115k in NVDA which is roughly 10 % of my portfolio
I got 10k in 401k . 20k in savings . And I make 10k a month . That ’ s it
What if it goes down to $ 50 ? Do you sleep well then ?
I am looking to learn how to find good companies to invest in but Im not really sure how to go beyond revenues , profits and some ratios . Can you share how you go about finding good companies ?
This is very dumb regardless of the reason , and regardless of the stock . This behavior is far more like being in a cult than being an investor .
Good luck . That's me too , just going to let it ride
Are you selling covered calls ?
Concentration builds . Diversification protects .
Yea it is a little bit crazy
That's the thing . When you are young you can afford to do this kind of thing . If I was 40 , no effing way though . Lol
This is how I learned all the lessons .
I know couple who only buys Bitcoin SP500 etfs feels like a bond if you consider crypto into the equation .
I came here to say this ! 😂 Here . Take the upvote .
I don't . Sold out .
Speak for yourself
EFT LOL
Lol
Even if he makes out like a bandit , it will still not be “ brilliant ”
Well , it ‘ s a KI-basket 😂 👍
double or nothing !
Dude is almost 25 . If one is gonna be risky that is the time to do it . When you are 40 though , no thanks . Lol
The dude is almost 25 , so I agree with taking an aggresive approach . Being 40 though , no thanks . Lol
How would AI “ bust ” ?
I agree wholeheartdly . Dude is close to 25 , so the aggeessive aproach is fine . If he was 40 , I would call him insane though . Lol
Nah
He makes 10 G ’ s a month . He ’ ll be fine .
20 percent average . Wtf lol
Software engineer at unicorn .
I was wondering the same . If he ’ s got $ 10k take home after taxes and deductions , he must be making $ 250k at 27 years old depending on which state he lives in and assuming he ’ s contributing to a retirement account and health insurance and such .
Bought it at 95 . So my investment rn is worth around 230k .
Lol my man here names two blue chip stocks then all his shitholdings
It doesn't matter what he or any one believes about the stock . believes and feelings are completely irrelevant here . It is always always always stupid to put everything in one single stock . It's about risk management . Tomorrow we might hear about how the monolithic design of Nvidia s chips have come to a performance wall and how a new approach from a competitor is 10x better . Or the smart money decides to chase the next growth story , because nvda had its run already . Way better risk / reward setups out there . Point is , the unexpected can happen . Doesn't matter what you believe about the company . It is 100 % always wrong to have everything in one stock .
I like your thinking behind the principles of reasoning . But why TSLA ? I sold what I had in TSLA and put all that in NVDA .
I bought some and sold some . Looking to buy a few more . There was talk that it could go down to 117 the other day so I held off but it didn't . Now 130 and not sure when I should go in tbh . I have 110 avg and only a handful of shares now .
Like retail has any influence on how Nvidia moves .
Selling 2 days before Earnings ? Thats bold
Software developer at unicorn , he said above
What company was that though . Sounds interesting
I'm looking to add . I sold some so don't have many left . I was waiting to see if it went down the other day as there was talk it could go just under 120 but that didn't happen . Currently 130 so not sure whether to wait for a dip and get in before earnings . I have 110 avg though .
No one know the futures , but we can risk - manage . Do u want to gamble or do u want to invest
but for some reason , i don't believe you because 1 : your name is significant put 2 : you said because of the hype . no all in long goes in " because of the hype " im sorry but I don't believe your bullshit
It ’ s not fake lmao
Low volume after hours price movements are just noise . Doesn ’ t mean anything .
Thats the number rule if you are old . At 25 you can run this kind of risk .
I don't play options , I see them as gambling . However , there are plenty of people who go all in on a stock and then will buy puts just in case the stock goes down after earnings . I am not advocating for this , I am just saying it is how some people ' diversify ' whilst holding a single stock .
Wow . Large portfolio - good for you .
Bro . You make $ 10,000 a month . The 2025 limit is 24k . Put 2k a month into your 401k
Bro if you dont max out that fucking retirement . You're throwing away free money by not doing it . You have money to burn with or without it . And still have enough to dump into nvidia
Read about an IRA and consider adding more to your 401k . For the really long term ( 10 + yr ) it makes a lot of sense to diversify beyond just one stock . Look up ‘ two fund portfolio ’ or ‘ three fund portfolio ’ for simple ways to invest for the long term .
You should be maxing your tax advantaged accounts . 401k is 23k / year and Roth IRA 7k / year . If you don't own real estate then do you plan to buy a house ? Or will you rent forever .
Do you live with your parents ?
You should be maxing or close to maxing 401k before putting money into the stock market
keep it in there for now earnings release is this wednesday
10k a month ? ? At 26 ... wtf am I doing with my life ?
What the fuck do you do for work bro I make 3k a month and that's my high score
I second ETFs specifically . Mutual funds are basically a portfolio comprised of individual investors ' money . Average joes buy shares and that money collectively is invested by a portfolio manager and their team . The goal is to make more money than investing in a little of everything and matching the returns of the entire market . There was a study done that showed that mutual funds on average , and after fees , don't beat the market . The best bet for unsophisticated investors is simply hold etfs that match the market . IVV for example is an S & P 500 etf from vanguard that has a low fee of 0.03 %
If it goes to $ 70 I'll be selling everything I can to buy more . If it's $ 50 I'll be selling body parts . the majority of my position was bought in 2018 . The thing with long term investing , I don't need to watch the movements day to day . But I keep up with the COMPANY .
Diamond hands
No but from what I ’ ve read and seen on several of these subreddits I ’ m a fool for not . I ’ m just not very knowledgeable in what that entails and the risks associated .
Concentration also loses your shirt . Diversification also prevents fast growth . This is the far less eloquent corollary to your more optimistic outlook
Concentration also destroys
What ’ s so funny ? Do you think that NVDA is going to return 100 % annually for 40 years ? That would be about 1.78 quadrillion dollars .
Damn ok thx , gonna start becoming one tmrw
Oh ok . Carry on
Very good just sit back and enjoy 🚀
Haha I was thinking that . Many great stocks and starts with AVGO - Broadcom , an amazing stock who themselves are very well diversified now . Then I saw ASTS that has blown up in the last 3 months and thought surely he is trolling .
Shit holdings ? Too bad I cannot add images to this page ... Follow me in other forums and see my earnings for yourself .
TSLA is easy Self driving cars , robotaxi , energy business , Optimus That company , against what the masses of non stockholders will tell you , is in a position to 25x growth in the next 10 years
I ’ m selling like 25 at 140 , 125 at 150 and then I ’ ll reevaluate Wednesday Wednesday I have a sale order for I think $ 178 … I kind of want take some profits off the top before the election
And see if they have a self-directed brokerage account . And then invest in NVDA .
Fill up your Roth IRA too , the limit for you is now ar $ 7000 I believe .
Have they announced the 2025 limit yet ?
The limit for what ?
Nope . Put 2k into a Roth IRA . Even if you have to roll it over to get it in .
Whats the point of this if I cant touch til 65 ? I need to make money on stocks to buy a house . Florida real estate is getting insane , especially SoFlo .
No lol , used to , moved out in tbe past year .
at this point , i wonder how demand will look over the next few years . nvidia can build the hardware , but can the companies buying keep advancing to the point where demand is sustainable .. ?
thats not investing , that just blind hope . Its why no professional will ever do that .
You don ’ t think if it dropped to $ 50 something might have happened to the COMPANY lol
Clearly you were born after the 2000 dotcom bubble
It's not from me , it's from Buffett . Buy great companies , at fair prices . Contrary to where he is now , he and Munger would deploy as much capital as possible into one company if the value and thesis was strong . They both contradicted investor Q & A questions maintain diversification pretty much annually . Cuban held 1-2 positions for over a decade because the R / R was too great . Sure , set your own risk reward , but diversification for the sake of it will get one nowhere .
Quite the opposite . Theres no way nvidia returns 20 percent over such a long span . I dont see how 20 percent is conservative considering its the biggest company in the world or almost .
No unicorn is a well known tech start up , idk if you didn ’ t know that . Idk if you think I was trolling . Unicorn is what you call those companies in tech . Like a Uber , DoorDash etc .
Why ? Not good ?
Wayyy I have both of those . I haven't been investing long .
Wow you really think it could go that high ? I was hoping for 140 lol . I managed to buy a few more so my avg is higher now but still ok .
Haha exactly . That's what I did . Got tired of those sleepy old 401k mutuals . Went to self directed and now looking at about 400 % since 2019 .
At that income they would have to back door Roth , but it still stands
It's 24,000 . I looked it up to make my initial comment
401k . That's the max contribution for 2025
Dude makes 10k a month . He can max out his 401k and max out his Roth IRA .
401k usually has a company match = free money . So you should put in up to the match at least . It also reduces your taxable income . Also , do you plan to retire or will you work until you die ?
I'd stay another year or two . Save another 20-40 K ... it sucks , but ... do the match on that . Another \ ~ 120K + by 40 if invested wisely . You sound ... kinda similar to myself . First of all , to answer your question , yes , it's always stupid to have everything in one stock . It's less stupid when that stock is NVDA . But at 21 , just getting ready to start Law School , my Grandma passed , left me money ... started buying real estate . Spent NONE of that money , bought properties ( it was ' 08 ) . Then used the equity in them to buy more , etc ... Finished Law School , bought a Triplex in Chicago near where I was going to work ... but when I went to rent out the top 2 units , I was offered a stupid amount for the lowest . So I commuted . 80 minutes each day in an old Impala . Saved up , paid the first 5 off , then bought a larger apartment building . Took no profits . Lived at home . Taking home less than you are , but sucked it up . I just kept growing the business account taking nothing ( helped with taxes ) . I ignored the advice to invest in NVDA back in 2015/2016 and FINALLY invested in 2020 . 1000 shares . But I stayed at home until 27 . Didn't buy a new car ( well , until last year , but drove an old Impala and then a little Malibu and I'm about 6 ' 2 , so that car sucked ) . You're crushing your 20s dude and I'm about 80 % NVDA and I know that's stupid , but I can afford to be because I've gotten so lucky . If I were you , I'd set a sell price of \ ~ 150-155 . I think you COULD touch that after earnings and just sell 25-30 % . I'd put some in AVGO ... ( but that's because I now just follow the advice of a friend who's brilliant wealth manager from MS ... a SR VP ) . In fact , AVGO , TSM ( that's undervalued , underbought ... and would be \ ~ 210 if it was American , so the Chinese threat is built in , all AI goes through TSM ) .
Current growth in the stock is based on orders out to 2026 now . Specifically this is demand for a now 3 year old product , with the next cycle ( Blackwell ) yet to be at scale . If you're invest for the decade , then you need to underwent s-curve adoption and understand marketshare . Apple maintains significantly higher revenues and margins without the highest marketshare . BoFA estimate capex for most of the Mag 7 is $ 600b between now and 2026 . Most of this , will be going into NVDAs bottom line . Expected spend on chips seeing out the decade , $ 1T . Even if market share drops 20pts , this is case for buybacks , special dividends , and a significant raise in market cap .
Supercomputers are ( on average ) upgraded every 2-5 years . Not only will you see companies continue to spend , you'll also start seeing all of these seeds they've planted coming back for more water . It's going to snowball beyond belief , on top of all of the fresh orders coming in . The news and journalists usually don't talk about this , but this is the nature of the business . Not only do they have all of these people essentially " subscribed " to continue purchasing from Nvidia , the Ai demand ( right now ) is still increasing , but even if it stopped increasing new customers Nvidia would still grow from existing customer's hardware upgrades .
Demand will depend on how other companies build software and the power that software needs . Everyone investing today missed the boat on nvda . But the next boat will yield gains I am thinking in 2-10 years . This is now a long play .
Well I'm guessing mid-late 2025 + , there will be a bearish period from all the major competition that will begin due to completion of factories It really depends on how well Nvidia can gap all the other companies with 1 year
I've experience many 40 % - 60 % drop in various stocks , and at that point it was clear it was because of a crash in the larger stock market . That's the only reason to be concerned with those kinds of movements in blue chip stocks . Blue chips fall like anything else , but they're the last names to fall . If there was a 60 % drop in names like NVDA , then at that point my portfolio would be the least of my concerns . Meaning , 2021 I was worrying about family , health and my job . Same with 2022 . So no , I wouldn't be concerned , just like I wasn't concerned with the majority of my holdings . But I did cut free those that were lower conviction so I could buy more that I had high conviction . One of those names was NVDA . This group thinks the sky is falling on a - 1 % day . So I do not expect it to understand long term investing and embracing red days . In fact I was downvoted for trying to rally the group at the beginning of this month which was barely a scratch in the long term . Think long term , know your companies and buy with conviction .
The people that advocate for international diversity for the sake of diversify makes my brain melt .
I subscribe to the same policy as you . Index funds are there to protect your assets .
Fair point .
Ye I believe u , I'm gonna look into it as a career bc of u thx
I spent like 15 minutes searching Unicorn bc ive never heard of it lol
Wow , this is totally in line then . People who work for startups are not risk adverse which is why you also don't think twice about dumping money into a single stock . I'm into high risk but not enough to work for startups , but I'm old . Google was a startup when I was your age . But I wasn't smart enough to work for them nor did I have the kind of passion for computer science needed for that .
man shut up you know its good af
If the 10k is gross that makes 120 per year which is well under the Roth contribution limit . If 10k is net , maxing out their 401k would lower the AGI enough to contribute to a Roth .
Oh . Yeah I have it pushed to my company max , its literally free money . I thought you meant pushing it past the match to $ 23k ( max amount you can put in the 401k per year ) .
Are you sure the demand you ’ re referring to is not with the current demand for Blackwell ? As far as I know , demand for Blackwell has already begun . The order demand till 2026 is not only their Hopper .
lol . The idea that “ most ” of Mag 7 capex will go to NVDA ’ s bottom line is laughably false . Surely you realize there are other things in their capex budget and NVDA has costs of its own , right ?
Counterpoint : I'm up $ 215k realized gains and counting trading derivatives since mid May . Hard to miss a boat this big .
Like Toyota doesn't try to compete with Porsche or Ferrari , you are not going to see companies attempt to directly compete with Nvidia . There are plenty of people who want to buy a Toyota , Kia , Hyundai , Chevrolet , Ford SUV etc . It would be unwise for any of these companies to Try to be a Ferrari or a Lamborghini SUV . It would all be ego . It would also be unwise for Ferrari to try to make an affordable SUV and compete with Toyota . The Ferrari brand itself would be frowned upon . In the semiconductor space , yes , there are lots of different GPU , CPU , TPU and whatever other Us , and they make money for their target price point , and for what specific tasks they can do . Nvidia's GPUs are all encompassing , and do not simply do one , two or three tasks . The reason you see Intel and AMD both comparing their products to an Nvidia product that has been out for nearly 2 years is because they want to give the illusion that there is strong competition , but there is no strong competition with Nvidia , and for anyone to try to spend the money on R & D and build the facilities needed to do what Nvidia is doing would be a very bad decision , even if it were Microsoft or Google that decided to do it . There's simply no " strong " competition for Nvidia .
Ok . Let ’ s say there isn ’ t a larger market crash ( obviously will move the market given its size ) . 40-60 % crashes are not very common for blue chip stocks ( even less for the most valuable companies in the world ) and during those dips some never recover or even go bankrupt . Happened many times throughout history . The idea that any 40-60 % drop is never a result of fundamental change in the company and that you will add means you do not know what you own . Also , quite difficult to know what you own when this company is changing and in an industry that is developing faster than any other industry .
It ’ s so diversified they don ’ t know what they are invested in !
Bro you see how he responded , he just said carry on .
The current demand has mostly been H100 . Blackwell hasn't shown up on a report , yet . I may have misunderstood , though . You may be specifically talking about 2026 and beyond , when Blackwell and Blackwell " Ultra " will be in the wild ( and as a platform , not just a chip ) , and then Vera Ultimate ( CPU upgrade ) , Rubin and Rubin Ultimate GPUs ( as a separate platform ) . I can't remember if any others have been announced , but this is going to be a long haul of consistent growth . It's much harder to predict when the growth will stop due to market " saturation " than I is to see how long growth will continue . We can only estimate so far out , and so far no one can say for sure how much will be spent before saturation is met . I believe the $ 1 trillion mark is a very modest estimate .
Derivatives ? Options ? I don ’ t understand that term in the context of a single stock . Thx
If that happens we'll know what fundamentals changed .
Which literally means keep it up … . Don ’ t look for stuff that isn ’ t there smh …
Part of the demand till 2026 is also Blackwell as far as I know .
You seem rly smart and informed , where can I learn this stuff
For example : NVDL gains 2x whatever NVDA gains ( 2x leveraged long ETF ) NVD gains 2x whatever NVDA loses ( 2x leveraged short ETF ) The inverse is also true ; if NVDA drops and you're holding NVDL , you lose 2x
So , then not all 40-60 % drops would be buying opportunities . That ’ s my point . Who I was responding to basically said he ’ s buying no matter what because blue chips fall and then recover so it ’ s no big deal
Exactly . So it is good ! :)
Yes , I strongly believe Blackwell as a platform will see demand in the 2025 , 2026 and beyond .
https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/artificial-intelligence/nvidia-shows-off-blackwell-server-installations-in-progress-ai-and-data-center-roadmap-has-blackwell-ultra-coming-next-year-with-vera-cpus-and-rubin-gpus-in-2026 Read that link , and keep your eyes and ears peeled during the earnings report and guidance .
What's your top trusted sources for industry news as it happens ?
What I go off of is where the journalist is getting their information . The majority of journalists are in college and simply writing an article for a quick buck , and they will twist and turn everything . There are a couple of guys that I follow on YouTube who seem to be sensible , and dissect issues in a professional manner , but the majority of people are either going to be pumpers , or else they are trying to push people to dump the stock . It's very hard for me to really suggest that one person is always going to be honest . I will paste the link for one of the analysts that I watch . I think he is very very conservative , and wholeheartedly honest . Don't worry about the " Mötley fool " intro . He is simply sponsored . He has no real affiliation with how they do things . He is an honest man . There is one other guy , but be careful and understand that he is very biased and always rooting for Nvidia . With that said , the second link , the guy I'm speaking of , is very educated on the semiconductor industry . You'll see he is very honest and his analysis , even when comparing AMD to Nvidia . https://youtube.com/@parkevtatevosiancfa9544?si=xnnCvuJ7JKgQ2_14 Very educated in the semiconductor industry , always on top of things , always making a video to help dissect and tell the truth from the lies , but he is very Nvidia biased . https://youtube.com/@josenajarrostocks?si=Go-ZDwYJb3Wu182t Moore's Law is Dead - https://youtube.com/@mooreslawisdead?si=wGtwdT2mnTCbNrA_
What is your average cost per share ?
I am late to the game on Nvidia , but I have an invested cost over $ 135 per share . not worried about it because I know long-term two , four , six years from now . I ’ ll be very happy . patience because I ’ m an investor not a trader .
1 ) Do you feel like you got there by pure luck or was some skill involved ? If skill , what was your method ? 2 ) What ’ s your next move with it ? 3 ) Any tips for NVDA investors just starting out right now ? 4 ) What do you think of the band [ Cannons ] ( https://youtu.be/u4HQevc9JE0?si=Jgckk-HHKEj-70QM ) ?
do you like avocado toast ?
where do you see the stock price sitting at the end of the year ?
Selling covered calls ? The premiums are nice .
1 . When did you start loading it ? 2 . What is your buying strategy ? Wait for the dip and buy ? 3 . Did you ever sell any shares ? If so , how many and when ? 4 . What is your time horizon for this until you take profit ? 5 . Are you doing the wheel by any chance ?
When you say “ PEG is currentlybelow 1 ” where are you checking for this metric ? When searching it I get two numbers . 1 . PEG ratio 5 year expected current is 1.19 2 . PEG ratio 5 year expected 4/30 / 2024 is 1.16 This information is from Yahoo Finance .
When did you start buying and how often do you buy ?
You should post the P / L numbers for a bad day vs a good day so when people lose their mind when it drops $ 5 , you can show some steel nuts .
" How do I hold " " just hold "
how much of your total portfolio is in NVDA ? are you in the camp of diversification or few investments ( looking for outsized returns ) ?
Thank you for this Q & A . I was able to learn a little which is beneficial . I currently have 36 shares & have been to buy all the dips I can . I jumped in at $ 124 & have been able to DCA down to $ 109 . Have you heard of the penny stock KULR ? If so , do you think it ’ s a good value buy ? I plan on buying 1200 shares @ $ 0.25 each tomorrow as long term hold . Any advice would much appreciated .
Do you see the stock doing very well in the future ? I now own about little over 12 shares
You give me more confidence in holding my shares thanks
Whats your background and how old are you ? Where did you fund NVDA from ?
I put everything I had into Nvidia , in 2023 . It was oddly painful to close older positions , but , I ’ d conviction . Then , saved like a lunatic in early 2024 - couldn ’ t believe the discourse I was seeing ! Added more . I have no questions . And still think this wise , actually ( your position , mine is more spread now . )
What is the airspeed velocity of an unladen swallow ?
I own over double that ama lol
I bought some in 2021 . I had a few grand available from some other sales . I kick myself daily for not buying more . I also bought tesla in 2009 , and kick myself for not buying more then as well . Which is the next stock you think will perform like this in the long run ?
What are your predictions for the next years ? Do you think Nvidia stock will continue growing or are you planing to cash out the next years ?
Nice , same . Well done
Do you think I'll ever break even at my average price or higher of $ 132 ? If so what's in your opinion a time period in your head ? I believe in ai and I appreciate it if you respond . Thank you .
Serious thanks to u / AideMobile 7693 ... maybe my favorite thread yet on this sub ! ! ! Question ... what is your source for the PEG ratio ? Zacks has the trailing twelve at 1.83 ; finbox has the ' latest twelve months ' at . 08 ... just two that i grabbed to show the disparity .
Screenshot would be nice . Otherwise , I own $ 10M
What made you want to own so many shares of just 1 company vs having it in an ETF ? Don ’ t you consider it risky ? Also your gains aren ’ t realized until you sell so they could disappear if NVDA isn ’ t around in the future . No company is too big to fail .
So not quite 2.6 mil ?
What are your predictions for the upcoming earnings call ?
Do you hedge your position since you own such a large lot of shares ?
Which website do you use to track the PEG of Nvidia ?
Do you sell covered calls lol How long do you plan on holding and what ’ s your exit strategy
Prediction for this earnings pre ( run up ) and post ?
What percentage is NVDA of your overall portfolio / networth ?
What advice do you have for new investors ? Nvidia and a few other tech companies are my first ever stocks
Are you gonna buy and hold on the stock for a long time ? What are your thoughts that some see the company like the next enron , ge ?
Why didn ’ t you lock in gains in the 130s ? Lost around a million at 46 a share .
what are your thoughts on blackwell chip being delayed until Q1 2025 and what affect will that have on upcoming Q2 earnings in late August ?
[ deleted ]
Congratulations ! What other securities do you own and how much ? If you don ’ t mind sharing , I am interested in understanding how does your portfolio look like . Thanks in advance !
Do you hedge or write calls ?
Check the below trader on twitter and he ’ s a proven trader . This dip since few weeks has been a perfect opportunity for institutions and traders to pile on . I ’ ve got few leaps IMT leaps 60c and 70c expiring 2026 . I can see it hit 250-300 by then . Thoughts ? Real Day Trading © @RealDayTrading : After hours added an additional 30.000 Shares of $ NVDA - total now 50,000 Shares - avg . $ 105.42
What was going through your mind on Monday ?
What's your cost basis
Are you selling covered calls ?
Are you ready to buy more when it hits 80 ?
Do you write options or borrow against your position to generate income
Do you feel comfortable holding a whole $ 2M in just NVDA stock ? What do you plan to do with your $ 3M of NVDA ? Any exit strategy for your $ 2M to reduce tax burden ? Does $ 3M make you want to retire soon ?
Are you freaked out that Jensen Huang has sold hundreds of millions worth of stock before ( what has been described as ) " the rollover " ?
1 . What books did you read to learn investing ? 2 . What price would you advise to start dollar cost averaging into NVDA for someone who holds no NVDA stock ? 3 . Do you use Technical Analysis in your investment decisions ? 4 . Do you still work your day job or do you invest full time now ? 5 . What other stocks / ETFs are in your portfolio ? 6 . Are you eyeing any other stocks to invest in ? 7 . Do you invest in Crypto ? Why or why not ?
I have 1.5 mil worth , pre split $ 220 for 1/2 , then 1/4 at $ 330 , but picked up some late a month ago that is down . I think they beat earnings easily again but a little worried about guidance and the next Q3 earnings with Hyperscalers ROI fears . How long are you holding ? I ’ ve been selling calls more aggressively than you to make up the recent shares , around $ 110-123 on Mondays bec dont mind easing out of it
How much your total portfolio worth now
I own 6 billion dollars of NVDA shares boys . AMA PLSSS
Are you Paul Pelosi ?
I feel your joy . Been holding since 2014-15 . 24k + shares my dollar cost average is 5 . I need this to go to 500 .
Was it an inheritance from Nana ?
I buy , i hold but i know nothing about calls and splits
Do you think it ’ s too late for me to buy in NVDA now ? What are your thoughts on AMD ? Also , what are your thoughts on AI ETFs ?
congrats . I have 15000 shares accounting for 30 % of my portfolio . 950 % gain . I let it grow without rebalance as I do not want to pay the tax yet . But I have to say the dramatic up and down makes me uncomfortable .
Feel like lending a hand lol
There's 2000 shares I got at 75 cents from the 2000s I wish I still had . Way to go .
Please tell me you sell covered calls
Can I get $ 1000 from u ?
I own over 8.75 M . Ask ME anything .
Big congrats ! I am a big fan of this stock as well and has been cumulating shares . How do you think buying leveraged NVDX or NVDL ?
Abba ! ? 🥺
What other stocks are you following and expecting a large gain from ?
How would you feel if the price went back to support at $ 45 / sgsre ? Also , what ’ s your target price to sell ?
Do you have a stop loss in place just in case and if so , what is it ?
Let me know when you decide to sell
Do you work for Nvidia or not . Simple yes or no question
Which are other stocks you are bullish in long term ?
I have 5m , ama
Congrats ! Can ask what your total portfolio is ? I ’ m always scared to have a sizable chunk of just one stock in my overall portfolio . Great job thanks for sharing .
Would love to own such a big amount of stock . Currently own shares for a bit over 500 € . Atm down about 10 %
Why ? How ? when ? where ?
Owning 2.5 MIL of a single stock means in my opinion that either you bought in when share price was like 20-25 per unit , or you were already pretty financially well and had a pile to invest .. which one of them is true ? Second question , if it never gets to pull higher than 100-120 or worst dip into 85-90 and stay there .. will the money you lost affect your life in anyway ? or is it just your “ play money ” ?
2.5 m worth and price of 460 $ lol .. incredible
I have close to 100k in nvda , it went down to 80k . Now that stock is down can I buy more worth 10-15 k . I ’ m scared of losing more money
Just buying shares ? Or Options , etc ?
Amazing
Are you in love with the stock or have a cold but analytical exit strategy ? What are your targets ?
Did you keep an eye on how well the company was doing when you owned the stock ? Were you not worried the the AI hype might actually be a hype and the bubble will burst ? Or was it a blind faith thing ?
Have you a diversified portfolio or is this a majority holding for you ? What ’ s your honest view for NVIDIA in the next quarter after ER in this wider economic climate ?
My question is at what % of your entire portfolio would you sell ? Does it matter to you ? So for me , NVDA went above 30 % of my entire stock portfolio , ( decently diversified with over 30 different stocks . ) That said I sold 2x my initial investment in NVDA , parked the cash for future deployments , and figure I am good playing with house money . Talk to me .
why dont you put that into something slower moving and retire ?
What ’ s your exit strategy ?
do rich boys like u fart
Why not more ?
1 ) Why nvidia 2 ) do you have the same amount in other stocks ? 3 ) how did you get that many shares or why ?
Why did you put so much money into a company that is just making chips no different than many other companies they don't have any thing in particular novelty compared to other similar manufacturers
How many shares do you have ? Do you also have NVDA leap options ?
What time is it ok for me to pick up your wife for dinner tonight ?
Can I have some ?
Intrinsically , what do you think Nvda will be worth by end of year . 2.5 million is a large investment . What makes you so confident it will Inc in valuation to justify the investment
why don't you just cash out , retire and live a good life somewhere ?
Are you diversified ?
What is a good entry point in your opinion ?
What do you find is the proper valuation of this company , where all its potential and enthusiasm is accurately priced in ?
Have you ever considered swing trading ( with NVDA or other stock ) or you just prefer holding long-term ?
What percentage of your total investment is NVDA and what is your opinion on taking profits ?
Can I have some ?
Can I barrow some money ?
What does it feel like to be poor ?
Why have you not sold yet ? Is $ 2.5 million worth the gamble at this point ?
Show us or it ’ s fake news
All bought or options ?
How does it feel to have hit that one jackpot stock everyone dreams of . As sweet as you thought it would ?
Why did you buy NVDA ?
Congrats , I got in at an average of $ 18 . I ’ ve been through 2 splits now . Not always the easiest ride that ’ s for sure !
I have over 12m dollars of NVDA shares . What should I do ?
Do you think some giant company like Microsoft , Amazon , google , Meta will keep spending billions of dollars to buy data center gpus from Nvidia every quarter for the next couple years ?
Ask you anything … can I uh , borrow 100k ?
Please post your losses if you do lose
Please post your losses if you do lose
Do you watch sports ? If so , which teams do you follow ?
Why ?
What flavour ice cream do you like anon ?
Are you going to sell anytime soon ?
Lucky bastard
I ’ ll take a 100 shares if you want
Bad concentration if it's all u hold .
I ’ m in at $ 150 a share , but I only have 5
How much did you put in yourself ?
What percentage does this 2.5 m of stock equal to your overall net worth ?
How many shares u own ?
I will ask you , to never sell
Thanks for the update ! I have a question … Given the Blackwell architecture ’ s integration of 208 billion transistors and the custom-built TSMC 4NP process , how does the 10 terabytes per second ( TB / s ) chip-to-chip interconnect enhance the performance of large-scale generative AI models , particularly in terms of memory bandwidth and latency reduction ? Also how does the thermal coupling handle wane shaft fumbling on the processor transistors ? Additionally , could you elaborate on the impact of the second-generation Transformer Engine ’ s micro-tensor scaling techniques on the overall computational efficiency and accuracy of 4 - bit floating point ( FP4 ) AI operations ?
I just got into stocks and investing as a whole 2 days ago . My first stock was Nvidia and I am very pleased with the decision .
I bought in 2018 I believed in autonomous driving and NVDA was heavily involved . So I bought and watched it promptly tank so I bought more . Eventually accumulating 4700 shares . Then I sold 1500 shares when it got to around $ 375 . Thought I was a genius . Fast forward to this past December after watching it dip again in 2022 I decided to sell another 1200 @ 496 . What a fool . So I was right just about the wrong use of their chips . I got lucky . But sometimes I ’ d rather be lucky than good .
The ape who yeeted his inheritance from his granny should be asking away .
what else are you looking at ? ?
Can I borrow like 300 dollars to fix my car . Congratulations on that stock pick .
You should sell
Nancy , get off reddit and get back to work ! !
Can I have some ? Lmao . Congrats tho it's probably one of the best stocks to own .
Could I have 1000 dollars to invest please ?
Hi ! I bought 62 ish shares at $ 100 post split . I ’ m up $ 1200 right now at this moment . Just had $ to use that I had in a HYSA . Would you recommend that I hold on to it or sell it ? Also , how do ‘ you ’ know when it ’ s time to sell ?
I own a little less than you . All I want to know is what will earnings be like on the 28th ?
What is your exit strategy ? How will you diversify your shares ?
Why do you think we need to know this ?
Nancy , is this you
can i have some ?
And this makes you an expert because ... ? This is a not-even-that-humble of a humblebrag .
on paper account . yes
May I have some ? Please .
I don ’ t believe you , gotta give me 100k then I ’ ll believe you
If you have that many shares , why are you asking for advice here …
About 46 post split . 460 pre split
60 When it's my pay day , NVDA was up like this week ! ! ! Last week I didn't have any to purchase . sad face .
Congrats ! This is the way !
So it was YOU who caused the dip XD / s
Me too in 10 years we should be happy with the results
add more to lower the cost
This is ama not a who sniffs their own farts content
1 . Luck in running into the stock and getting interested in it . Skill in being able to accumulate when everyone and their mom were worried about AI being a hype and China bans being a downer for the stock . 2 . HODL and accumulate , at least for the next few years 3 . DCA when the PEG goes below 1 . I honestly believe this will be the first 10T dollar company
Last question was definitely most important , and since he didn ’ t answer i will , incredible band
I ’ ll answer # 4 , they are awesome !
Luck and money
Never tasted it
Avocado toast is my new jam ! Just don't get those bill gates apeel mutant ones .
Base case : 170 . Bull case 200 .
It is . I make over $ 3000 every week when I sell them on Thursdays for a strike that has less than a 10 % chance of hitting in 24 hours . I avoid weeks that could potentially move the stock like earnings week or earnings week for other AI adjacent stocks . I then use this $ 3000 to make insane bets ( read gamble ) which sometimes give me very nice returns .
1 . May 2023 when that famous earrings came out 2 . Yes , but wait for PEG to be below or near 1 3 . No 4 . Long term . Haven ’ t thought of selling it yet until the story changes 5 . No
I also checked and i got 1.1 12 month forward PEG ratio https://www.nasdaq.com/market-activity/stocks/nvda/price-earnings-peg-ratios
May 2023 after that earnings came out . I buy every time the PEG goes below 1 and I have cash available
I can ’ t post screenshots in comments , but I once lost 385,000 on a single day . I think it was a few weeks back when NVDA dropped more than 6 % if I recall correctly . Good day , I made several times that after earrings earlier this year .
Covered calls OTM on weeklies . 6-10 % out of money . The vol is so high on NVDA . This will keep a running income , and you can use that to gamble any way you like
Diversified , but NVDA is the largest holding rn
TBH , I don ’ t do penny stocks . I stick with stocks with > 100B market cap . They are more liquid . I also hedge and then low cap stocks are very hard to hedge with little or no liquidity
At the current share price , forward P / E and CAGR , absolutely !
Glad to help !
Engineering . Early 40s . Always interested in investing . Have been investing for over 20 years now . Funding came from selling other investments , day job , dividends and covered calls .
African or European ?
Congrats !
Was going to call you out for looking for clout . But at least you ’ re consistent . You claimed 40k shares 60 months ago . Ayyyy .
You can still buy now . The stock is insanely cheap rn . Less than 1 PEG . I don ’ t go based on the price . PEG is a better metric IMO .
Right now , I plan to hold and add to it for the next few years . Off course I am not married to the stock and if I see the AI story changing I will sell . I do believe NVDA will be the first 10T dollar company
Thanks
Yes , it likely will . Short term price predictions are guesstimates at best . Too many variables . Long term it will absolutely . Remember what they say - in the short term the market is a voting machine . In the long term it ’ s a weighing machine . So , just HOLD and accumulate if in it for the long term .
Well forward PEG is a projection on two parts . Forward EPS and forward CAGR . Different buy and sell side analysts come up with different numbers , hence you see these disparities . I tend to take the Factset numbers . Last I checked the CAGR was at 30 % and the forward P / E at 25 . PEG = 25/30
I understand the risk . My portfolio is diversified and even if NVDA went to 0 , I won ’ t be out homeless in the streets . It ’ s a calculated risk IMHO
It was over 3.3 M at the peak . Right now it ’ s 2.5 M
Factset . Rn about 30 % CAGR and 25x forward 2025 P / E
Yes , see my responses above on expiry and strike Right now at least for a few years . I will ofc sell if the AI story changes . Not married to the stock
Diversify . Never more than 15 % in any one stock . Be aggressive when you are young . Switch to broad market ETFs if you figure out individual stock picking is too volatile for your taste . You can never go wrong with broad market ETFs like VOO , SPY and VUG .
They have no clue at least IMO . I have seen some posters on X talk about Coreweave fraud and supplier financing . If you dig deeper into their research it ’ s crap TBH . Either they are willfully lying or they have no idea how to do bottoms up research .
In it for the long haul . Still believe in the name . I sell only when I have lost confidence in the name . I am pretty bad at timing the market , but reasonably good at identifying stocks with great stories and sticking with them . Doing the same here
I think that news is being spun by interested parties to be more bearish than what it really is . Even if the story is true , it will only impact the GB200 ( higher version of Blackwell ) . The delay is at-most for a quarter . In the meantime hyperscalers are busy buying the hopper version with both hands . My opinion , and this just a guess , since I have no material information from NVDA , is that this dip will turn out to be a very good buying opportunity once we hear the earrings call .
Don ’ t know , but agreed that it ’ s a good market for NVDA . They will keep making modified chips for China and it will keep selling like hot cake
China is utilizing blackmarket to get the good chips too . https://www.benzinga.com/news/24/08/40157250/nvidias-high-tech-ai-chips-reach-xi-jinpings-military-sidestepping-us-trade-restrictions-report
MSFT , WMT , COST , LLY , AXP to name a few
Yes , covered calls . 6-10 % OTM on weeklies . Typically on a Thursday night , except weeks where you have NVDA or AJ halo company ERs
Question . If institutions piled on and bought this dip , how come it's not reflected in the price ?
TBH , I don ’ t watch the stock tick by tick . All my positions are in cash with no margin or options . I run CNBC in the background ( WFH at my day job ) . Saw those price fluctuations , and opened the app once or twice . Didn ’ t make any buy / sell trades on that day . That is another rule I follow . If a market is volatile , I don ’ t do any buy / sell trades . Just watch from the sidelines .
460 pre split . 46 post split .
Yes . See other responses for strike expiry and strategy
Yes , although it looks very unlikely
Covered calls . See response above for strike expiry and strategy
Yes I do . As I mentioned elsewhere you should not hold more than 15 % in any one stock . Retiring at my age is boring . I plan to work till I die . That is by choice .
Those are preplanned sales , so no . The stock is in its blackout period and he is still selling means this was filed 60 days before the quarter even closed .
1 . No books . Just an avid reader of CNBC , Bloomberg , WSJ , SeekingAlpha 2 . PEG at or below 1 . It ’ s there right now with consensus 2025 estimates , so you can start buying now if you want 3 . Sometimes , but I am mostly a bottoms up fundamental guy 4 . I have a day job that keeps me sane . As much as I love investing I can ’ t imagine looking at tick by tick day in day out 5 . MSFT , AXP , COST , LLY , WMT to name a few 6 . No new ones rn 7 . No crypto . I invest in stuff where I can do fundamental earnings research . Crypto is different in the sense it has no defined earnings . It is not for me .
Do you have gold toiletpaper ?
You own 25 % of the company ? Are you sure it ’ s NVDA ? Because the biggest shareholder of the company is Vanguard and they own 8.7 % .
No . I am not Nancy either .
lol . No . Started small and built it over time . Every single penny that went into the stock was earned by me .
Not at all . Don ’ t go based on the stock price . Use PEG ratios instead . It is very cheap with forward PEG below 1
Go ask Buffett , he's sitting on a mountain of cash .
Congrats !
Do you use puts to hedge against depreciation in price ?
Are you gonna use it all to pay for reddits paywalls
According to your profile , you just bought a used 2012 Lexus with issues . I ’ m thinking you don ’ t own $ 8.75 M of NVD stock .
You're lying ! !
I stay away from margin , leveraged ETFs and options ( except covered calls ) . That helps me ride the volatility better .
My portfolio includes NVDA , MSFT , COST , LLY , WMT , AXP and a few others . None as big as NVDA though .
Will accumulate with both hands if that happens and the AI story has not changed . I do believe it ’ s highly unlikely though . They are trading at a below 1 PEG , which is considered a strong value buy .
No stop loss . In it for the long term .
Sure .
I don ’ t
MSFT , WMT , AXP , COST , LLY to name a few . Each have their own unique story and they are very good at what they do
Congrats !
You should never have a stock weightage of more than 15 % in your portfolio .
Because I believe in the stock . Using cash . Over the last year . On a trading app
No exit strategy , but I am never married to a stock . If the story changes I will sell . I don ’ t decide an exit strategy for my long term investments
In this business you need to be able to filter out the noise . AI is not a hype IMO . If I thought it was hype I wouldn ’ t be investing in NVDa
Diversified
None right now . Weill reevaluate if the AI story changes or Jensen messes up . For now I don ’ t see that happening anytime in the near future
Diversification
1 . CUDA and a cheap stock 2 . NVDA is my largest holding 3 . I bought stock . Because I believe in the stock .
I have a diversified portfolio with NVDA being the largest . NVDA has a large moat with CUDA . Chip supply chains are complicated . It ’ s not as easy as one may think to just come up with a chip at scale .
I don ’ t own any options . All cash positions
Base case : 170 . Bull case : 200
Because I love investing . Have been doing this for over 20 years now . It ’ s not all about money . The research is the best part
Yes . You should never invest more than 15 % in any one individual stock
Right now is good based on the PEG
Long term
Why do you think you was a fool ? ? ... You earned a bunch of % ... It could've gone the other way around ... Dont regret you didnt win more . Cuz you won . And sounds like you still have a bunch left
Gotta shoot your shot lol
My goal was to help answer questions from fellow investors that may have just gotten into the name . Having a sizable position in the stock puts me in a position where everyone knows I am not just an armchair analyst . I put my money where my mouth is
Using this logic , more than 90 percent of content on the web is useless . Why do you think you had to ask this ?
I wish
My goal here is to help answer questions from fellow investors that may have just gotten into the name . Having a sizable position in the stock puts me in a position where everyone knows I am not just an armchair analyst . I put my money where my mouth is
I don't think " ask me anything " counts as asking for advice , though
This is the most believable Reddit thing I've ever read .
Early January , correct ? In effect , is that when you bought your shares ? I ask because I was so pissed off that I missed buying 1000 shares at around $ 475 ( as it had dipped from $ 490s range ) . Forgot exactly what day it was , but I was preoccupied with numerous issues going on at home and I didn't have a chance to adjust my limit buy at a slightly higher price . In fact , I was so busy that day , I just assumed my buy had been recorded ( albeit , I didn't get on the PC until the next day ) . . . Fast forward the next few days , it quickly went to $ 500 plus . Concurrent with this , I decided to wait , thinking it would consolidate and perhaps , go lower . BIG , BIG , BIG mistake , as it ran to $ 700s fairly quickly . Fast forward to NVDA's last earnings , I said the hell with it and got in at $ 940 cost basis ( $ 94 after split ) . I have since added to my position . Anyway , glad I am in and agree with both your " base " ( $ 170 ) and " Bull " ( $ 200 ) case scenarios being quite possible . Congratulations on your investment .
Sick - congrats !
OP turned 1M into 2.5 M GG
So you've basically doubled your investment ?
Rookie 😂
Didn ’ t mean to . My bad .
I agree that this will be the first 10T stock , and I don ’ t think it will take very long . RemindMe ! 3 years
You're my idol . As long as you're in , we are in .
You skipped # 4 !
What's your expectations and anticipation for this quarters earnings and the correlated movement on the stock . Do you think the growth will continue beating expectations ?
i think $ TSLA will be the first to hit 10T . but lets check back in say 5 years ? RemindMe ! 5 years
Is there a place where you can check this PEG ratio historic data ? I havent been able to :(
You should sell one share and try it sometime
That is crazy dude , it is really good .
Do you like Pina Coladas ?
with AI you can easily identify which ones are the mutant ones from the Zuck
RemindMe ! 135 days
Seriously dude ? That's crazy !
This is a very rose colored outlook . I see a high in late August early September after earnings . I think November is flatter on a macro level though .
Nice . Any hedges ?
How far otm is that usually ?
Can you give some examples of typical per share premiums ? Like $ 0.30 ? You targeting . 06 to . 1 delta ?
why Thursdays ?
I'm also selling CC and sometimes puts on nvda . Besides and and intel what other AI stocks do you follow and avoid selling premium during earnings ?
Where do I see PEG ? Using Thinkorswim .
PEG ?
I wanna be like you man . Unfortunately my broker doesnt have options and I'm too pussy to touch them ,
Can you share an example or two ? I would like to learn how to do this .
Do you time them ? Or indiscriminately run the wheel
approximately ya , I trade round so I'm not always all in nvda , imo nvda 170 by end this month , then btc begins run next month , target 10m usd asap
I did buy some but it isn ’ t the same . I ’ ll tell you an unfortunate truth . I ’ m not a finance person and have mostly gotten lucky with some of my high earners and had to google peg . I haven ’ t been able to add anything to my roth since 2016 , so everything earned is through buying and selling what ’ s already in there . I can ’ t add more unless I do some back door maneuver an accountant told me may let me . Too much work . But I ’ ll keep the peg in mind going forward . Thanks
[ deleted ]
Yes sir !
Ok ... well using factset sets you apart from most here ( including me ) . Thanks again for the AMA ... might drop in a few more questions :-)
Nice work and congrats ! I got into Nvidia at $ 17 back in 2022 and sold that lot at $ 90 . My second lot was at $ 40 and I sold it at $ 125 . I wasn ’ t comfortable with individual stock risk , so just sticking with ETFs for now , but I understand the power of individual stocks and the greater risks .
You'll be looking back in a couple of years wishing you sold now ... RemindMe ! 2 years
You have millions to invest and I have thousands , so you clearly know what you ’ re doing lol , I can ’ t really argue against your thought process . Hopefully turn it into 10 mil !
No buy ? If I see a tasty dip I ’ ll throw money at it , what is your buy strategy ?
Nicee
Thank you very much .
Is that a good metric to apply to other stocks ? I mean , a PEG ratio less than or near 1 ?
Ask me anything !
I just want to applaud you on responding “ congrats ” to everyone who is hijacking your AMA . They should just go make a post and post their position .
Yes
Maybe paywall derivatives .
You don ’ t get rich blowing money on expensive cars .
Thank you for your reply .
Assumed as much but thanks for confirming .
I totally agree with that ! I personally keep it at 10 % . My word regret is I bought Airbnb ! Lol . But I hold equal positions in Amazon , Microsoft , Google and Apple . Hopefully the mag seven makes a bigrun . Thanks again for sharing and good luck . Waiting for August 28 video releases earnings
When you sell , what will you buy ? More stock or something higher on the money chain : an apartment building , farmland - something that appreciates and gives residual income ?
I ’ m pretty heavily into it having doubled my position at 950 pre split . What about the second question I had for NVIDIA in the wider market condition ?
Psh , with an attitude like that why bother with such a weird ama in this sub ? Take it to / r / wsb .
so you had a milly or more laying around ?
Good luck with it I'm sure you will be able to realize capital gains .
Oh good . I am glad . I see too many people here get caught up on “ trends ” Carry on .
But you really should try some avocado toast .
I'm sure that's what you're telling yourself ... good luck .
Eh , I don't know why people would lie ( though they do , pooroldinvestor will tell two ridiculously contradictory lies in the same thread ) . I try with what investing knowledge of NVDA that I do have to help people understand how NVDA has pretty drastic fluctuations , but more importantly , how it's grown and how ... you really shouldn't expect that type of growth . I was JUST talking to someone , they asked when I got in , I said 2020 . They said , " I'll be happy if we * just * have the same growth we have since then . " I then showed them the numbers and ... their response was , " ok , well , I'll be happy with a quarter of that . " So how many shares is less relevant than the information and helping people gain a LITTLE perspective . NVDA is not going to grow a quarter as much as it has since Jan of ' 20 . That's about the only thing that's worth adding . Otherwise , it's just someone who bought NVDA stock less than a year ago on its way up .
I had 200 shares at 43 pre-split that I ended up selling close to breakeven thanks to options … why is this price not believable ?
Lol when Reddit thinks every comment in history is a lie 😂
Don't believe everything you read
In 2023 , after that May earnings for the first time . I have since then kept adding regularly . My highest cost is 126 ( post split ) or so if I remember right .
I sold about 150 shares for 200 each the last time it was at 200 ( equal to 20 after the split ) . I ’ d much rather have your problem .
Thanks
I will be messaging you in 3 years on [ * * 2027-08- 12 00:27 : 09 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2027-08-12%2000:27:09%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1epys8x/i_own_over_25m_dollars_of_nvda_shares_ama/lho7r9r/?context=3 ) [ * * 62 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1epys8x%2Fi_own_over_25m_dollars_of_nvda_shares_ama%2Flho7r9r%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202027-08-12%2000%3A27%3A09%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201epys8x ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
I agree with you , but 3 years ? Not so sure about that
RemindMe ! 1 year RemindMe ! 2 years RemindMe ! 3 years
TBH don ’ t blindly follow anyone into a trade . Your risk tolerance could be very different than mine due to differing life circumstances
This right here !
If you ’ re patient enough you ’ ll be able to buy below OPs cost basis
lol . They added it after I had already answered it . I have heard them a couple of times . I am in my early 40s . More of a Floyd and GNR fan .
Yes
More of a Macallan guy
The base case is just 17 % above consensus sell side estimates . It ’ s actually lower than where a lot of sell side analysts are , so I am not sure if that ’ s as crazy as you think .
To be fair a lot of analysists have similar numbers in mind , although they are probably looking at midway next year , not end of this year .
Other than the occasional covered calls on the stock , no . I do hedge for exogenous events from time to time by buying PUTS on the Qs or the spyders .
Anywhere between 6-10 % depending on the vol
About 12-15 cents per share
What is PEG ?
Price / Earnings ( P / E ) to growth . A better metric than just P / E because not all stocks and sectors are created equal . Investors like to pay a higher multiple for stocks growing at a higher rate than a utility company that grows at 3 % CAGR for a decade .
Try on paper trading first and do mistakes there , its free and you get to learn and utilise whatever strategy you like . Reset at anytime and not be anxious about a wrong call .
Well probably shouldn ’ t do options anyway , I ’ m not sure OP did …
You would be surprised how high the vol is even on Thursdays for options expiring the next day . Ofc be prepared to buy it back if it goes ITM , specially if it results in tax consequences for you ( stocks are still short term cap gains )
Factset . Forward PEG based on consensus 2025 earnings estimates and CAGR . They are growing at over 30 % , with forward P / E close to 25x . Hence the PEG less than 1 .
I am not married to the stock . If the earnings picture or the long term fundamental changes , I will sell it . That said right now it ’ s an insanely cheap stock based on any reasonable valuation metric , so IMO now is not the time to sell .
All the best to you too sir !
PEG below 1 , and the vol is not crazy . I think on that day the 10 day average vol was crossed in first hour or two . While it does show capitulation , I generally wait for the day after .
Do you trade on margin ?
If you were a tree , what kind of tree would you be ?
Yeah ok buddy 👌 🙄
Also , rich people don ’ t describe themselves as “ rich ” , and that ’ s how I know without a shadow of a doubt you ’ re lying .
Always stocks .
Short term predictions are futile TBH . My belief is it will outperform the S & P over a 3-5 year period .
Yes , I have been doing this a long time . When you have consistently invested for over 20 years , a million is not impossible
Especially in any sub that relates to investing
I still have a cost basis of around $ 94 . When I initially bought , monies that I had set aside for NVDA were invested in other equities ( ELV primarily , along with CRM ) . Consequently , I only bought 250 shares before NVDA earnings . Surprised by the 10/1 split . With additional purchases I have 2775 shares . Anyway , unlike previous years I have owned NVDA , I am very , very confident that they are going to knock it out of the park come the 28th .
Based on info you provided I'm guessing you invested a minimum of $ 1M into NVDA . Was that accrued just from smart financial decisions / savings or did you do anything big business or investing wise prior to investing in NVDA ?
That ’ s just when I ’ ll check the status , not my prediction date .
The difference is you're rich AF and I'm not .. but besides that , we are like twins ... Arnold and Danny .
Wow , so wise . Must follow you .
Below $ 46 ? I doubt it . Right now it ’ s trading at a below 1 PEG , so it ’ s already insanely cheap . The only way it goes back to $ 46 is AI turns out to be a hype , earnings collapse , and at that point I don ’ t think you should invest in NVDA . For the record I believe AI will be bigger than that internet . NVDA will not grow at this CAGR for ever because of the law of large numbers , but even if you cut down its CAGR to half , it ’ s still insanely cheap . This is the cheapest stock I have seen in a long long time TBH
How about getting caught in the rain ?
Do you think AMD will give higher returns ? But slightly riskier .
If you are open to leverage , you can also do calls on the inverse ETFs like SQQQ and NVDQ / / NVDS . Cheers .
Thanks a lot
May I ask how do you use volume to guide the 6-10 % please ?
Ty , might try the same and do 1 DTE and see how I like it with my Nvidia and spy
What this guy said
You can find it by googling ‘ NVDA peg ’ or same with any stock , then I usually click on the nasdaq link and it ’ s at the bottom . Price to earnings ratio relates the price to trailing earnings , PEG ratio is the price to earnings simply divided by the forecasted earnings growth rate . Generally 1.0 is considered fairly valued , lower undervalued and higher is overvalued , it ’ s 1.1 right now , which honestly for a company like NVDA might be about the cheapest we see .
How do you calculate PEG ?
Thank you for the tip ! :)
Any particular time on Thursdays ? Or does it not matter much ?
any particular reason why factset over bloomberg ?
I'm sitting on just about 55,000 shares , largely due to the 1000 I bought in 2020 . I find the people talking about it going to 25 ( which is what B4 - other numbers has suggested it's actually worth ) to be ... just amusing . They seem to be of the belief that NVDA has 4 customers , only those 4 , the Data Center's will be built out and that's going to be the end of it I guess ? We'll see . We'll see if \ ~ 110 is the highest NVDA gets and that's the end of the run . That seems to fly in the face of pretty much all reason at this point , this early into the AI industry , but ... we'll see . Maybe everyone will just stop spending on it .
You're right , trading based on " forward p / e " and " peg ratio " without understanding the nuances of datacenter build-out trajectory is a great strategy , and by the time fundamentals visibly deteriorate , you'll still have the opportunity to exit without massive losses . I realize I'm coming off as snarky , so in all seriousness , I'm gonna share some links to my own comments about what's actually going on , feel free to read ( or don't ): - [ My DCF ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/qvonRFeziF ) - [ Informal reverse DCF ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/F3Q47GrA7w ) - [ Software “ Moat ” ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/AGEGhn1lUH ) - [ Risk tl ;d r ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/03s729zjVw )
Absolutely ! When interest rates are favorable , of course !
I would be a willow tree , because I ’ m adaptable and able to bend with changing circumstances .
Tell me that you ’ re jealous without telling me you ’ re jealous .
What's the next Nvidia in 10 years . I found Nvidia myself in 2017-2018 after deep diving self driving . I landed on the semiconductor story . My other major investments are Eli Lilly , NLR ( Nuclear Energy ETF ) , MU , SMCI and RDDT ( I believe this stock is undervalued compared to Pinterest ) . I am 82 % allocated to Nvidia .
I agree with the long term but a 30 % pullback like we just had from ATH , I ’ d rather avoid those by selling ( with my account type in the UK I ’ d have no capital gains selling ) . So for me short term is definitely critical to maximising returns . I ’ m just curious on what see closing out 2024 with the election , recession fears etc etc
alright , yes for 20 years it's very possible ! thx for answering
Fingers crossed , and agreed !
I started investing in 2006 and soon enough lost a big chunk ( on paper ) with the GFC crash . Had a 15,000 dollar portfolio that went to 4000 when GFC hit . I kept researching and DCAing in stocks I believed in . That has been my strategy since then . Slow and steady wins the race IMO . Keep at it .
Hi OP for someone new what does below 1 PEG mean ?
Commodities in particular uranium names will outperform nvda over the next 3-5 years . It ’ s a cyclical chip company . That being said they have VC startups using their chips as collateral for loans , so they pry beat next earnings and touch 150 before legging down . Every big tech company has come out in earnings and said AI is not making any money , I hope you are selling covered calls or have a hedge bc at some point the music will stop . If their cagr gets cut in half they will be trading at your cost basis man it ’ s priced to perfection at these levels
I am more of an umbrella guy
Based on the earnings and PEG rn NVDA is cheaper than AMD , so why not invest in NVDA . If that flips , I will be glad to buy AMD . I am not married to NVDA
Honestly I stay away from margin , leverage and options other than the covered calls . Helps me sleep at night
Not volume . Implied vol
That's usually how many delta for 12-15 cents ?
Honestly . I have been investing for over 20 years , and I have been pretty successful at it . Slow and steady is how I invest with bottoms up fundamental research . That said , I went through your links , and if I am honest , you should start investing in ETFs . Your first two links talk about DCF but I don ’ t think you do understand what DCF is . I am trying not to be rude here . I run a multi million dollar portfolio (8 figures ) . I get to see a lot of research notes from Goldman , Wells etc . I do my own research and I can confidently tell you that is the biggest piece of bull crap research man . Start investing in broad market ETFs if you base your investing decisions based on those links . Sorry if it came out too rude . Just trying to help
Curious : if you ’ re that bearish on NVIDIA what is your put position ?
Nice
Don ’ t put more than 15 % in one stock . Get out of SMCI . It ’ s a commodity and their margins are getting compressed and will continue to be compressed . The next NVDA in 10 years is NVDA . Until someone can beat them at their game , best stay with NVDA .
I will tell you a story . The guy who first brought NVDA to my attention ( a smart guy ) thought he could time NVDA . He missed 70 % of the upside . Now all he does is post on forums about the stock going to $ 80 where he will be a buyer . That is the price where he sold . Time in the market is greater than timing the market . Have a short term portfolio and a long term portfolio . Keeping the two portfolios separate helps you correctly assign a risk tolerance .
Are you into other stocks or everything is in NVDA ?
Price / Earnings to Growth is below 1 . It means the multiple ( P / E ) on the stock is below their growth rate ( also referred to as CAGR ) .
No big tech company has said that . They all said they see revenues pretty soon with the exception of META and MSFT . For those 2 it ’ s happening right now . Compare META ads revenue to SNAP or Google . They are insanely better and Mark has said it ’ s all because of AI and the targeted advertising from it . In this day and age you stay behind in AI , you will no longer be a mega tech . Read up on the Pascalian wager theory on AI and why companies have to keep investing . Uranium is a commodity . I am surprised by you advocating for that name . The only reason Uranium is catching a bid is because of AI and the nuclear reactors needed to run these DC . If AI is a bust , Uranium will crash . If AI is a boom Uranium will go up , but since it ’ s just a commodity with no moat , you will find a better investment in that scenario with a name like NVDA , or a software tier company that can monetize those models effectively
Thoughts on SMH vs NVDA ?
Oic IV got Nvidia is 68.1 now . Just wondering how do you use it to guide the strike selection . Thanks !
Thanks for your feedback . Of course I know it's not a full DCF . It's a quick / dirty version typed on my phone to fit into a Reddit comment . I apologize that I didn't share a full spreadsheet , and honestly even if I did , I doubt you'd think any higher of any bearish calculations . We all have our biases . You might run a 8 figure portfolio , but I've been working with AI / ML for over a decade . But let's not rest on our laurels . Neither of us is going to budge , so will talk to you in 2 years when the remind me triggers .
Absolutely , here you go : https://imgur.com/a/StUt6wB
Why are people gushing of PLTR which has a 160 PE and does more or less the same thing as Accenture , Booze Allen , Deloitte ( IT consulting at the end of the day ) . Or am I missing something .
Called it correctly on two peaks but I ’ m curious for your outlook on the coming quarter still . Do you not want to share your outlook ? 👀
Other stocks as well . I mentioned them all in other comments
How foolish is it to think that if Ai is bust , uranium will crash ? Do you really think that only Ai need electricity from these reactors …
O man I ’ m just gonna let you have your time in the sun here . I disagree with like everything you ’ ve said here , literally every tech company has said AI hasn ’ t turned profits as fast as they expected or hoped yet NVDA is still priced to perfection … . seems risky and dare I say bubble like . Uranium and nuclear energy are the only real viable alt energy to oil / gas at any scale , we also have geopolitical conflicts at highs , and CTAs are crowded in the short energy trade . Also it ’ s not really even AI nothing has passed a Turing test and the tech has been around for 50 years . Plenty of the nvda story just doesn ’ t make sense as well TSM has contracted their production by 90 % but nvda still just pumping out growth , they are their sole provider for fabs … . good luck though hope you have a hedge Edit : sure speculate on it ppl make money and lots of it in bubbles but in no way at all is nvda cheap right now
> Of course I know it's not a full DCF . It's a quick / dirty version typed on my phone to fit into a Reddit comment . lol , no dude . It's not about how you typed it out . It's about you being totally confused about what DCF analysis is . You just spurted out a bunch of conjecture along with a few cherry picked numbers and then somehow reached your conclusion . Stupidity and options trading do not meld . I suspect that your screenshots are fake anyway , but assuming they're not , I hope you're fully prepared to be wrong about this because I've read through several of your comments and they are not well informed or objective , if I'm being honest . And I don't think you've earned the right to be snarky ... Pretty sure most people in this sub think you have a few screws loose .
Ironic as it may sound , I do want NVDA to go up in the short term and bring put prices down , so that I can add to my position . The cyclical nature of this beast ( short-term great fundamentals , long-term decline inevitable ) is creating a one-of-a-kind investment scenario . Meanwhile listening to the FOMO investors ( including some so-called " experts " ) thinking they're visionaries and piling onto the gravy train is music to my ears .
From its current levels , yes . The biggest energy demand in the next decade is going to come from AI , or at least that is what the street is modeling in . If AI is a bust , URA is toast . The other fundamental thesis of long term rotation away from fossil fuel is a slow growth process and will take years to pan out . The only reason people went gung ho on URA was AI demand and the immediate need for reactors to power DC . This coincided with the news that MSFT had hired a nuclear scientist to build out a nuclear reactor . You take all of that away and I don ’ t see a near time catalyst to support the Uranium prices
TSM has contracted their production by 90 % ? They just came out with a 44 % jump YOY and 23 % jump from just last month in their revenues . Here is their presser . [ https://pr.tsmc.com/english/news/3163 ] ( https://pr.tsmc.com/english/news/3163 )
Feel free to send me your thorough , well-researched and fully fleshed-out DCF . Other than that , you started with some pretty good counterpoints and have resorted to personal insults now , so thanks for the eye-opening discussions , and have a good one , bud 🙂
You're the one who is admittedly being snarky . How are your puts doing today , Mr . Snark ? 😆 Don't worry . Keep buying them until ... 2029 🤣 🤣 🤣 You're a troll and your screenshots are fake . I think that much is clear .
If it does I'm buying a boat . So no .
The magic conch says : * * Maybe * *
Are options betting that the price will be a certain amount by a certain date ?
Nice lottery ticket
It's having a hard time getting to $ 110 today ...
Hope so
I think it will be at least $ 140 by EOY , we already hit it before so it is possible .
could also consider just dumping that money into NVDL and pulling out once NVDA hits your target price of $ 200
It never gets old when Redditors see green and starts to talk about whether NVDA would hit $ 200 by the end of 2024 , 2025 etc ..
Based my 3 min research or was it 90 seconds , anyway NVDA is going to $ 969 by 2069 . Anything else on my part is just speculation …
Ohh Lord please let our baby Nvidia hit 200 by December .
Holding $ 105 Dec 20th calls . It's just a magic place to be ... for now . Either a ton of upside profit ORRRR exercise to hold the shares which , to me , is not a bad " worst case scenario " going into the new year
How much did you pay for both of these ?
I sure hope so because right now I ’ m down about 15 % on my investment in Nvidia . But I ’ m looking long-term and I have patience .
Not a chance , barring some massive world changing development . $ 160 maybe .
Yes ?
That ’ s a massive increase but the correct answer is nobody knows . As you can see from the last few weeks , stocks aren ’ t islands and are very prone to broad market forces . But pretty sure your options increase in value regardless if you bought them during this dip .
Are you saying in 1 year it will hit 5 T market cap lol .
Yes
160 June 2025 calls here , holding 10 ! ! !
That would be a $ 5 trillion market cap . Your probability of losing your entire investment with otm calls is near 100 % . If you really feel like it ’ s going to double in a year you should just buy shares . That way if you ’ re wrong , which is extremely likely , you won ’ t lose your entire investment to time decay . What your predicting by the way is nvda by itself being larger than the GDP of every nation on the planet except for the USA and China . That ’ s insane .
a lot of people just dont know how options work and end up losing tons of money . the stock needs to hit 200 + price of options + trading fees just to break even . So thats about 205 $ . If it never reaches that , or if the stock drops after it does and you didnt sell fast enough , you lose 100 % of your money . Considering the very high risk , you need to expect a MUCH higher price for the risk to be worth it VS holding the common stock directly . So if you expect the price to " only " reach 200 $ ( almost 100 % gain in a year ... ) , the risk-reward profile is more attractive with the common stock .
I wholeheartedly do not see Nvidia stabilizing at $ 150 until middle of next year ... I would have bought at $ 150 stake for EOY 2025 if I was a cautious better . Blackwell profits likely won't even substantially move the stock until Q1 2025 earnings ( which it seems is accounted for in your March call ) . A stable $ 200 by EOY next year is a big ask , and IMO Nvidia will likely not carry the torch for long ... I still think they will dominate next year , but after that I honestly don't know ... If we end the year at at least $ 175 I think that's a massive win ... for the next year at least I would expect a stable $ 150 at best and stable $ 130 at worst .
Long expiry and deepish ITM calls are good value if you want less risk and tie up less capital vs shares
If it does then that bmw m3 will be a reality 😭 🤣
Seems possible but I wouldn ’ t bet the farm on it . Sorta depends in how quickly we bounce back from the sell-off . I think Q4 is key .
I wouldn ’ t bet on $ 200 by next year . Maybe 2026
Its possible it could by December 2024 … it would be a high after a good earnings in Nov , and would likely pull back … but possible , depending on earnings in Aug & Nov … they would have to knock it out of the park with both tho . Aug Earnings : The projected EPS is . 64 for August , but if they hit . 90 instead as a beat , that would be 30 % improvement from last quarter … and last quarter they had an 18 % increase from the quarter before that … so it would appear to be accelerating … which would probably bump the trailing PE ratio up to around 75 … If they have a . 90 EPS in August add that to 3 quarters of EPS before Aug and you have a 1 year EPS of 2.35 including Augusts - multiplied by 75 trailing PE ratio gives you projected price of 176.25 … it might even drift up closer to an 80 trailing PE ratio if it looks like they are accelerating their growth . An 80 PE ratio would give a high price of 188 after Aug earnings . Nov Earnings : Say their business continues to accelerate thru Nov , and they improve EPS in Nov qtr to 1.26 - which would be a 35 % increase from Augusts earnings … then you have a yearly EPS of 3.23 after Nov earnings … and it looks like accelerating even faster growth … so trailing PE ratio would be justified to go up again … somewhere between 70-85 trailing PE ratio multiplied by yearly EPS give a high price of 226 to 274 . Those are some rose colored glasses projections for numbers and results that would be shocking , but it wouldnt be the first time I was shocked by NVDA earnings .
Beats me .
I think $ 200 is a realistic target !
Yes but only if you sell your options for a loss right before
Can someone explain to me why the 160 call is cheaper ? Surely it ’ s more likely . Never looked into options trading .
Very bullish . I like it
Yes $ 200 is doable IMO
Doesn't matter , just hope that Delta moves in your favor in the next few months , and roll your positions out
I didn't try options , but i believe pre warnings they are good choice otherwise its diffcult to predict future unless you are prophet
I was being conservative . Blackwell Ultra Cooling is just the tip of iceberg . Sovereign
It will in 2024 .
I don't think the market cap will be 5 trillion in one year , so no to $ 200 . $ 160 is a strong possibility if we don't enter a recession . It's a risky time to be trading options .
Who knows ... who cares ...
You can actually do your calculations based on their financial statements .
I can ’ t help but feel the way I did about $ GME : a euphoric ride followed by a precipitous drop and then three years of red , hoping for a turnaround . I understand that $ NVDA has real fundamentals , and it ’ s only been a few days , but still .
It'll hit $ 200 by Thanksgiving !
I mean … You would have liked to have thought so . I like that your strike is “ later ” in 2025 . Also … . You can still sell this call for a nice profit well before then . Just do a trailing stop loss once it gets to be up 40 % .
5 trillion market cap of course it will !
thats 5T market cap in 1 year
Depends on whether the earnings are like previous quarter .
Yes
Prolly
Yes around April of 2025 then it will fade back to $ 160 , if you want more specific ask a fortune teller . This statement is completely made up .
Easily
One day of + , “ will nvidia hit 500 eoy ? ”
I hope so .
I'll take 130 by 9/19 thank you very much .
It has good potential to be high 100 ’ s next year this time
No someone JUST dropped 800,000 $ on 80 $ strike NVDA puts expiring sometime in 2025 .
i never understood trades like this , why not just go with a lower delta exposure but buy actual shares if you are that bullish , this why theta is bumfooking you every day . i get you get greater exposure with less upfront capital but dayum this just seems dumb and there are better ways
Never say never . When the stock was $ 425 and ppl thought it was over sold and over priced , I panicked and didn ’ t get in until it was at $ 700 per share . Then I bought options which are now taking a beating since it ’ s dropped 30 % from its share split value .
bold with a good chance at a recession before eoy
Someone today bought $ 800,000 of $ 80 Puts for around that date so … big money says no
If it does , I am buying a house
Maybe . But it's at least a good time to buy right now . I charted some levels down lower but for the LT I buy the dip .
I ’ m extremely bullish 3 years out . Companies don ’ t know how to use LLMs very well yet but there is a lot of investment in them . Also doesn ’ t seem like a big jump is on the way unless we want to start paying for SIRI . ( You ’ d think Apple would have released SIRI Premium by now . ) Video will use even more GPU , but still seems like a few years before AI can contend with humans . Now it can only compete with clip art . Low profit margins on that .
What ’ s the profit on a trade like this ?
Whenever I sell .
It's been in a downtrend so I wish u luck on those calls .
Two fiddy
I ’ ve been holding 150 calls for Jan 2025 . They are crap now but I ’ m holding out hope .
Nvda will see 75 $ before it sees 150 .. market is very mean
How about $ 500 ? Why not ? We are in dream land anyway ! !
without a doubt
I struggle to see why , or how , their stock would almost double in the next twelve months . Many analysts are predicting a correction to what has been called an " AI bubble " ( and we've already seen shocks to NVIDIA's stock price ) . Competition is also increasingly eating into NVIDIA's market share ( NVIDIA's largest customers are placing orders with AMD and investing in home-grown silicon , Apple uses Google TPU , plenty of good options in the inference market ) . Though I don't know if they are accurate , but rumors of a delay to their next flagship product don't help . Looking more broadly I wonder if estimates of the AI market size would support such a large increase . At $ 200 , NVIDIA's market cap would be over $ 5 * trillion * dollars . Many times larger than the entire AI market . A market - some argue - which has yet to produce value in-line with investment . Finally , NVIDIA's guidance for Q1 FY25 -> Q2 FY25 is for 7.7 % revenue growth with slightly reduced margins . Not sure that indicates a growth rate which supports a doubling of the stock price .
Don ’ t know if you ’ ve seen the WSB Post from earlier , some whale bought $ 80 NVDA puts for Jan 2025 and spent over 800k . Hope they ’ re wrong though and you are right … .
that's only a 5T market cap . think bigger man .
Maybe or maybe not ( I ’ m definitely leaning towards the latter unless we have the biggest bull market in history )
We won ’ t know until 2025
250 dollar call next month ez
For sure
$ 250 by the end of the year !
I kinda want to gamble
Damn , you ’ re betting they ’ re gonna add 2.5 T in market cap in a year ? ! Good gawd 🤣 👍🏼
225 in 2025 !
Ask Nancy Pelosi
We will probably be deep in a recession in 2025 , so I would say it ’ s very unlikely . Never know tho , so if you can afford to lose the bet , go for it .
Maybe . Maybe not . Quit screwing around with the options games unless you know what you ’ re doing . And I ’ m guessing you don ’ t if you ’ re asking Reddit . It ’ s not worth the risk . Just buy the stock at market Price and let it run .
2030 more likely 😔 😔 😔
It will be an 5T almost 6T company . It doesn ’ t make sense . No
Lmao ... talking about a double in one year ... doubling from it's current 2.5 T market cap to 5T , a level not even Apple or Microsoft flirted with . I thought people in pot stocks were delusional but the people here take that title with ease .
What ’ s the market cap then lol
Jun 24/2024 was its high at 140 and market cap of 2.55 t itll pass that maket cap easy
Maybe not 2025 , but eventually 😅 i hope
By September 2025 ? No . By December 2025 . Yes .
Think what the market cap would be . No .
Don ’ t forget about the time decay dude . You ’ re more likely betting this his $ 250 by 9/2025
Theta says no
Wouldn ’ t theta fuck you on an expiration so far out ?
If you are on acid
What app do you use for options ?
how much will this $ 200 call make if it hits ?
No
Ask again later
Fuck no
FTW Fresno Ca . 93618
5T market cap . Nah . I think it ll need to make close to 20x revenue and profits to hit that . On a side not if apple doubles growth then it ll hit 6T
I hope it gets there next month
Lol . 4 trillion in market cap . Nope
Infinite demand for chips bc of AI . On the other hand , they are getting cheaper and more efficient to produce ( but that could also mean bigger profit ) . We'll just have to see
It goes to hit . I trust my sixth sense before any one ’ s comment or opinion .
Maybe $ 300 by 2030 . So no imo .
No
You smoking dick no lie
Future boating club in these comments
highly likely . But in 2026 - 70 %
Easily
Depends
No
What platform is this ?
I bought several call contracts for $ 130 expiration 9/6 this year .
It ain't hitting shit
No . I mean seriously no . Like be real .
I ’ m the one who sold these options to this guy
Regarded
After feed cuts , nvda rockets
You ’ re betting that nvidia surges another 100 % , essentially in a year , to a market cap of over $ 5 trillion ?
it doesn ’ t even matter even if it goes up 20 bucks you ’ ll make a gain and sell it anyways
Good idea to only get 1 buy , you ’ re dreaming .
No , this is done .
Not if China decides to invade Taiwan in 2025 which might happen in 2025 . There ’ s been a lot of adjustments in the Chinese army recently and Xi is asking people to become more independent of imports .
If everyone is so confident it won't then why isn't this just free money lol
Im buying a 70 ft yacht 🛥 ️
Duuuuude that guy that bought 800,000 worth of puts is shitty his pants right now lol 😆
Im going to dennys
🫡 🛥 ️ 🎣
No chance
NVDA allowed me to put a 10 % house down payment 2 years ago . Now it's about time to help paying off my mortgage
no
Doenst have to for the options to print , as long as it goes up
I hope you do , I'm in for a smaller sailboat 😆
Yea youre getting a boat
I'm not getting one , as I'm disabled , but NVIDIA made me enough for a very luxurious boat indeed . Or a house . It's been very , very good to me .
I ’ ll be able to buy boat tires .
If it hits 250 you will need a bigger boat .
Well you may not get a boat in 2025 but you probably will buy 2027
Hey … we are all on team you get a boat !
Hope you get that boat brother ... and invite us all for a NVDA party !
Sunk iron do a ok oss as creamer 💦
An inflatable boat , surely :)
lol
But … then you could BE admira ( b ) l ( e ) instead of watch admira ( b ) l ( e ) .
At this point .. i can only afford a Goat
Me likey
Yes sir
Technically you are getting that it will be above the strike price so if the call is 200 $ then that means that you can buy 100 shares at the 200 $ price with the contract however you also have to break even on the amount you spent on the calls so the break even price will be a few dollars above 200 $
Rolling the dice 🎲
Yea theres alot of pull back but once everything settles , ai continúes to be more implemented , itll boom again . Just alot of scared individuals pulling but it ’ s understandable
it's up nicely tho with no AI related news . Recovering in peace 😅
Somehow , insiders and institutions knew when to buy and sold at peak , just in time a day or two before some event or news that took the stock way down . I know the stock market is manipulated , but what gets me is the fact that those greedy bastards are clearly taking advantage here of the retail investors putting in their hard earned middle class income hoping to get something out of it while in fact all they do is help the big sharks add another 10-15 MIL to their profit while ending up holding the bag , same for the trick big institutions do to tank the stock and re-buy at lower price pocketing the difference rinse and repeat , destroying a huge amount of retail investors along the way
reached $ 129 today
Fuck yea 🥵
That is also part of the plan
Lmfao people don ’ t get that leveraged etfs are for day trading
Just went in on NVDL today actually , plan on trading in and out of it with a set amount of cash to ride the wave higher as earnings approaches , but have also thought about going long on it with more investment and just maximizing return . Crazy how nice of a return it is on the good days ( like today ) , but I ’ m sure those red days hurt like hell too lol
What do you mean . This the dip ?
🫡 🛥 ️were going fishing
I don ’ t think it ’ s possible , unless they ’ ll come up with something new and innovative .
85 by December
So what happens if the price is higher than 105 $ on December 20th ? Do you get MORE money ?
Very niiice ! Dec 2024 or 2025 ?
The price thats on the photo . Just got them today
Same . 🛥 ️it ’ s yacht time
Yacht club
Fuck yes
They sure do 🫡
Oh yea for sure , it went from 1t in January to 3t in july , so its there
Fuck yea Bobbybuyey 😂
Holy fuuuuuuuuuuuuck 🫡 🥵 🛥 ️ 🎣 were going fishing 🎣
Youre looking really happy right now , aren ’ t you lol 😂
Fuck yea . You ’ re buying a boat ? 🛥 ️
Only time can tell
Very nice input ! Sounds like my kinda data
You think this will hit 5 trillion market cap next year ? That's some wishful thinking .
Me too man .
Im watching these burn 🔥 . Not pulling out . My dad always told me to never pull out on anything or anyone
This guy knows how options work
Date , the 160 one is for march .
Find your yacht 🛥 ️ were going fishing 🎣
Fuck yea 🛥 ️ 🫡
Completely agree with you and it will 🫡
Fuuuuck yes 🫡 🛥 ️
Itll pass that 🛥 ️ 🫡 im getting a yacht 🛥 ️ maybe 75ft or 80ft idk
Dude ! GME is trash lol this is not a meme stock . It has actual value to society thats already making breakthroughs and is just going to get better and faster . Amc , gme those are trash
Fuuuuuck yea , im going to dennys if it does
If it goes to Nvidia by Thanksgiving , I ’ d buy a house or splurge on a big two week vacation in Hawaii or something . Seriously though , I ’ d be glad with $ 200 by next year sometime Like the bullishness though - the stock needs that
Agreed !
2 weeks from now 🫡 🛥 ️ 🎣
Sucks for that guy lol
Yea for sure but this is a good amount of cash that i can afford to lose so those options were my best bet . The higher the delta the higher the contract
Agreed ! This thing is settling down . It would say alot about technology and also the reputation of nvidia name of this shit stayed like this all year .
Im either very smart or very autistic on this move
Wow 😂 yea they got a yacht 🛥 ️ . Let me guess Nancy pelosi ? 😂 thats pennys . Who fucken knows but my dad said to me once , mijo , dont ever pull on anything or anyone . I never pull out
Dude , A . I . just took off this year lol . Ai is making its self better and is just going to push everything faster from production to endless possibilities
Well the contracts are at 5 per share but if the stock goes up closer to 200 be end of year the those contract will be at least 20 or more per share on a 100 share contract
Tree fiddy
🛥 ️ 🎣 🫡
Itll hit
Start looking for a yacht 🛥 ️
It went from 1t in January to 3.3 t in july . Its showed its potential already
Yea lol sucks for that guy . No fishing for them
Lol she has bags of nvidia 🥵
Im buying a 100ft yacht 🛥 ️
2024
NVIDIA Corp ( NVDA ) 104.87 1 +5.96 （ +6.03 % ） USD | NASDAQ | Aug 08 , 15:23 Quote Performance Key Stats Financials NVIDIA Market Cap : 2.580 T for Aug . 8 , 2024 VIEW 4,000+ FINANCIAL DATA TYPES : Search Market Cap Chart 1D 5D 1M 3M 6M YTD 1Y 3Y 5Y 10Y MAX SWITCH TO : ( 19 ) Name REPORTS Estimates News More v ADD Ca BROWSE VIEW FULL CHART 3.00 T 2.580 T 2.00 T 1.00 T QUICKFLOWS OCT ‘ 23 JAN ‘ 24 APR ‘ 24 Historical Market Cap Data View and export this data back to 1999 . Upgrade now . JUL ‘ 24 Date Value Date Value August 07 , 2024 2.433 T July 02 , 2024 3.017 T August 06 , 2024 2.564 T July 01 , 2024 3.058 T August 05 , 2024 2.471 T June 28 , 2024 3.039 T August 02 , 2024 2.639 T June 27 , 2024 3.050 T August 01 , 2024 2.686 T June 26 , 2024 3.109 T July 31 , 2024 2.878 T June 25 , 2024 3.102 T July 30 , 2024 2.552 T June 24 , 2024 2.905 T July 29 , 2024 2.745 T June 21 , 2024 3.113 T
Yea if it just stay low or drops but once the contracts go up before expiration then you just bounce back to normal or even profit
Im always on acid
Robin Hood !
It went from 1t in January to 3.3 t in july
Spread the positivity , get doubts out your head . Together we can all win 🫡 🛥 ️ 🔥 🎣
🫡 gracias señor
That dude who bought 800,000 worth of nvidia puts for march 2025 is shitting his pants
Fuck yea
Yea I'm talking like financing a 15k boat is all . Big dreams are just that at this point .
😂 🫡 🛥 ️ lets get it
Can I come for a ride on your Catalina 22 ?
25 billion shares outstanding … you still think it doubles ?
Congratulations on your success ! I am genuinely happy for you 🙂
What's ur cost avg . I sold and rebought at 118 so I'm hurting . Negative house at the moment !
Hey bud … good for you ! Wish the best for you and hope you have an adjustable bed for comfort … . sorry I recently got one and I truly mean that .. no weird underhanded BS 👊🏻 ❤ ️
Wow ! Baller in the house .
We can all dream .
I'll be the one in the skipper hat
Gambling then ?
does it have to be on that date exactly ? what if it reaches that price before those dates ?
I am not too familiar with options . Could you explain the picture ? So you are " betting " by 3/21 / 25 NVDA will be + $ 160 . What's the $ 4.95 amount ? Also , how much did you buy ?
AI keeps evolving ( I am in tech ) , but from what it looks like NVDA will not be at 200 anytime soon .. if the stock price was really entirely composed of Nvidia ’ s achievements and top earning the stock should have already been at way more than 200
It ’ ll dump tomorrow morning
yeah I ’ ve been DCAing into NVDL since it was in the $ 40s haha hasn ’ t been going SUPER well for me this year because i ’ m basically flat but long-term that ’ s the move
Care to elaborate ?
Considering it was mid 80s like 4-6 weeks ago , yeah it can hurt like hell
If I Exercise the option instead of selling it and the stock price is over $ 105 , then I will collect whatever the difference is between the share price and the $ 105 strike price , x100 shares . But if I sell my position , it could be worth a lot more than just Exercise and buying the shares .
2024 . Might roll it into Dec of 2025 if I can clear like 30-40 % return . I'm not greedy lol
I am curious to see how this plays out for you . Keep us updated .
It ’ s a blessing , last week had me shitting in my pants
Please don ’ t call it a boat . It ’ s a YACHT
Probly more realistic but still optimistic projection tho is a yearly EPS of 2.09 after Aug earnings with a high trailing PE ratio of around 75 at its peak some time in Sept - so Id say a high of 155-160 by mid Sept before pulling back a bit before Nov earnings . Then in Nov earnings my optimistic projection is a 2.49 yearly EPS and a high PE ratio in Dec of around 75 again giving a high price of about 185-195 by some time in Dec ( so not quite 200 ) … Those are my “ realistic yet optimistic that nothing bad happens ” projections . But they beat expectations so often , it wouldnt surprise me if they had an earnings beat large enough in Aug or Nov ( or both ) to get the price over 200 before the end of the year . Problem is that between earnings , the trolls work hard to plant seeds of doubt abt NVDA and the price will always drift back a bit after they hit the high ( usually within a month of earnings ) … so it will likely hit their high within a month of earnings , then drift back a bit for abt 6 weeks , then pop up again at the next earnings if the earnings justify it … Probably a good way to estimate price until earnings actually do slow down enough to justify the PE ratio to reduce to the 40-50 range . When they finally do stabilize and the exponential growth becomes more like the other Mag 7 companies , with really good , but not incredible growth - the PE ratio will drop to 30-40 range . When that happens , shouldnt be a crash , but will be a pullback tho … We probly 2-3 years away from that tho .
I mean i do like that input . But its already hit 140 and was on fire but shit happened and everyone freaked out or whales taking profits
Different subject ; how many brothers and sisters do you have ?
Nice one thanks !
Show me on the chart where GME hurt you . It ’ s almost as if you didn ’ t read my second sentence .
No Wendys ?
Got one picked out already !
As you are no doubt aware , linear projections in a vacuum will only get you so far .
Wall street is scared of nvidia . You can see it and smell it .
I LOVE your attitude ! ! 🤗
She also have bags of money she made from insider trading , where she somehow knew what to buy , when to buy and when to sell to make a huge profit . She wouldn ’ t be worried even if she don ’ t strike it rich this time
Classic signs of recession on the horizon when shoe boys started talking abt trillions of dollars like housewife tales
B . O . A . T Break Out Another Thousand
Hell yes ! ! Nice comment 👊🏻
Seriously not sure . I bought at $ 33 , $ 40 , $ 50 , and $ 60 , but I put all I had in there . Never put all your money in one stock , unless you ’ re sure it ’ s the growth stock of the decade .
182 and I'm cashing out ! That puts me in a nice round number ... I'll eat the Capital Gains and I will ... IDK , I guess diversify and put money 70/30 in bonds . A few thousand a month in dividends would be nice . I'd miss out on the potential growth thereafter , but I've caught a whole helluva lot of growth on the way up !
Technically owning any stock or any index fund with a stock in it is gambling . You ’ re betting on future growth . Options are just riskier . But that ’ s why people like to get options with long expirations . Do you think Nvidia will increase from its current price at any time between now and September 2025 ? You probably think so . I think so too . So an option is just betting that will happen at some point ( there ’ s also theta decay but I ’ m simplifying ) . It ’ s highly unlikely that its price in this very moment is the highest it will go until September 2025 . So that ’ s not too dangerous of a gamble . Also note that the share price doesn ’ t need to reach $ 200 . The option increases in value when the share price goes up , and you can sell the option for a profit rather than wait for it to expire . I should ’ ve led with that info . But what about tomorrow ’ s share price ? Now that ’ s a gamble . I have no idea what will happen . Short expirations is when options literally are gambling .
Options can be used in three ways , even if they're all fundamentally betting on an asset's valuation at a specified date . You can buy options to speculate on stock prices . This is high-risk high-return gambling , but with the catch that you get to choose your exit point . You can either wait for the contract to close , hopefully ITM , or close the position yourself at any point in time before its expiration date for a profit . Speculation is what most of the people here are doing . You can use options to hedge your portfolio against sudden market moves . In this case , you buy an option and hope for it to expire worthless , at a loss to yourself . If the option is OTM at expiration , your portfolio should have gained enough to offset the loss . If the market takes a sudden downturn , your rights as an option holder will let you exit your positions without a major loss . This strategy is mostly used by large banks , not retail traders . My personal favorite way to trade options is to use what's called an income strategy . In this case you would sell an option to gain an obligation that was already a part of your strategy . For example , if I wanted to enter a position on MSFT because I'm slightly bullish on the stock I would sell a cash-secured put that is likely to expire ITM , or in other words , with a delta of around 0.5 or greater . From the date of the sale to expiration , I would be at risk of assignment as long as the option is ITM . If I am not assigned before expiration , I walk away with the premium . If I am assigned , I buy into a position I planned to open anyways . Short calls and cash-secured puts are both income strategies . You can gamble with options , or you can make them a part of a legitimate investment strategy . There's no single way to trade them .
Stock gambling that bets you go up or down from a certain point The issue is that the option loses value over time and if you hit 0 days to expiration , but you're nowhere near the bet price the shit goes to $ 0 But a single dollar increase can turn into a return of + 60 \ ~ 100 %
Id like to look at it as strategic data scraping move lol
depends . options were designed as a tool to hedge risk ( ie if you own 100 shares of stock and you think its going to go down you can buy a put to hedge your portfolio . when the stock decreases the value of the put increases . ) they can also be used to ensure youre buying / selling stock at a price youre comfortable / haply with and not missing the opportunity to buy / sell at that price because you werent looking at your phone . yes , they can be used to gamble / speculate but the increased risk that speculators take on in hopes of high returns is risk that has been transferred away from risk averse people . so it really depends how you set up the trade if your option increses or decreases your risk .
It ’ s an investment instrument that * can be used * to gamble Big fish use options to hedge their large share holdings Every options contract is an insurance policy for 100 of their shares The value of those contracts fluctuate drastically as the share price changes ( The insurance policy for 100 shares at a more expensive price is much more expensive and vice versa ) Not all options traders are gambling , but it ’ s a great tool if you want to gamble . There are responsible and safe ways to trade options if you know what you ’ re doing
All options are a gamble . Unless you can cover buying the shares out at w . e price they are when your option play is about to expire which isn't a thing for 99 % of people playing options
Stock market basically is gambling . However , the " odds " are different based on how you " bet . " I play the nickel slots to cone put ahead over 50 years .
It can still be profit before that date
Options cannot be explained in a text comment on Reddit . There are entire books and 20 hour course videos dedicated to explaining how options work . If you're not up to the task of learning it properly , than I suggest just forgetting about it
Shhh no jinxing
Leverage etfs suffer from volatility drag . Meaning sideways action always trends the price lower and lower .
Interesting 🤔 I'd better stay away from options .
Thats fucken awesome man wish you the best 🫡 🛥 ️ 🥵 🔥
My bad bruh 🫡 🥵 🔥 😂 🛥 ️
Thank you Hyacinth
Lol 😂
Lmaooooo
Sorry if that came off rude , wasnt trying to ! Sending good vibes to everyone
❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ ❤ ️ 🛥 ️ 🫡
I've owned a 45 ' sail yacht for 10 years plus and I can confirm they are a lot of work and you have to know how to do everything there is mechanically and electronically . And absoutely worth it .
Best two days of a boat owner . The day they buy and the day they sell . At least I'll have two good days .
😂 🛥 ️ 🥵
“ The best boat is someone else ’ s ”
🤜 🤛
🫡 🛥 ️
finally understood options . thanks good sir
🫡 🛥 ️
Question , if the price starts to fall , can op lose more than what he put in ? Follow up , to me this play doesn't seem like a crazy gable considering it's a year away , how do the potential gains and losses compare to if one just bought the stock and held it to 200 ? ( Not asking for exact numbers obviously but is this style of option even worth the added risk of predicting the date vs owning the stock )
I made a bet today , a CC , only one option , but that it will be less than $ 107 tomorrow .
No , it's not gambling . It may be risky , but it's not gambling . Gambling is based on chance . Stocks move erratically , but ( in hindsight at least ) they move based on something more than just chance .
Options being " Just riskier " is a massive understatement . This is especially true when investing in a single ticker symbol . For plain ole index investing , there is no 20 year period in history where the sp500 was down .
Gambling really makes no sense as a word , because all things are gambling . Using a crosswalk ? You ’ re gambling your life away that a car won ’ t run you over . All of life carries risk . Usually when people say gambling , it ’ s when the expected value is not worth the assumed risk . If the expected value of investing in the stock market over a 30 year horizon beating inflation is greater than it losing to inflation ( it is ) , then it ’ s generally wise to accept the assumed risk ( it ’ s more complicated than this , but in general this is true ) . The EV of NVDA > $ 200 by 2025 is very low , so it ’ s more akin to what people think of when they say “ gambling . ” tldr ; “ gambling ” in its official definition is a useless term . Common usage of it however would imply an EV < 50 % is gambling , and EV > 50 % is not .
You've explained that so well ! Thank you 😊
Good explanation
Technically options are gambling and owning shares is investing . Let's now confuse the two
Exactly what I do too :) when you become comfortable with this you can make pretty good low effort income . Not quite passive because you have to keep track of some stuff like your cost bases but it ’ s a lot less work than a day job ! !
Can you recommend a good source for understanding the terms you used ?
It is possible to make a reasonably accurate prediction of what an option will be worth at a given price . In fact , the story behind the guys who won a Nobel for their work is worth a read . But the risk is in knowing what the price will be at a certain point in the future . I recommend reading about options pricing , in particular the Black Scholes metholology , and understand what goes into valuing an option . Once you understand that , use software to help you determine what the best strike price to buy / sell at is . I use python but a lot of folks use Excel . Or there are commericial software packages you can buy / subscribe to .
No , not everything that has risk associated with it is gambling . Putting money in a savings account is a " bet " that you will make more from interest than you would from other investments , but you wouldn't call it gambling . There is a fundamental difference between owning productive assets via individual stocks or funds and betting that the price of an asset is going to go up or down by a certain amount at a certain time .
If it does I can load up on calls
I better stay away from them , too lol
Learn how to trade with margins , make options a long term goal to learn about .
Also , NFL is implementing facial recognition and guess whos powering those . Nvidia
As a boat owner for several years , I ’ ve heard both these sayings multiple times . Each time the person thinks it ’ s such a clever thing to say 🙄 . Yea if you can ’ t afford a boat it probably is stressful . If you can afford it , it will provide you and your friends / family countless enjoyment for as long as you own and maintain it . There ’ s nothing like early morning cruising with dolphins or sea turtles swimming nearby or watching the sunset while gently bobbing around .
I thought it was the day it sinks and the insurance check comes …
Exactly ! We don ’ t all have to be d * cks or jealous constantly 🙄
The most you can lose is what you paid for the option . Right now the option costs about $ 500 . If you held it through July 2025 and the stock hit $ 200 in July next year it ’ d be worth around $ 1600 . So your profit would be $ 1100 , which is a 220 % ROI . If you bought the stocks and held to $ 200 then you ’ d get slightly less than a 100 % ROI . Your ROI would be a lot higher if the stock price hits $ 200 sooner because the value of the option declines with time ( theta decay ) even if it ’ s increasing in value due to the share price going up . But theta decay is fairly negligible until you ’ re getting close to the expiration . If the stock hit $ 200 in March then tour ROI would be like 300-400 % . So option returns are much more leveraged than just holding the stock . Typically you wouldn ’ t plan on it hitting $ 200 . You ’ d just wait for the price to pop after a good earnings report and then sell it for a profit .
Further to what the other poster said , the worst that can happen is that the stock price ( the ‘ spot ’ price ) is still less than $ 200 ( the ‘ strike ’ price ) by the time the option expires . In this case , the option will be worthless and OP will lose whatever they paid for the option ( known as the ‘ option premium ’ ) . [ This chart here explains the payoff of this type of option . ] ( https://www.google.com/imgres?imgurl=https%3A%2F%2Fcdn.prod.website-files.com%2F5fba23eb8789c3c7fcfb5f31%2F60786a1c47fb4a520604d2fe_Long%2520Call%2520-%2520Sizing%2520Adjustment.png&tbnid=NrI96VKoo-P7EM&vet=1&imgrefurl=https%3A%2F%2Foptionalpha.com%2Fstrategies%2Flong-call&docid=upWWO9WS3JUkqM&w=1500&h=1070&hl=en-GB&source=sh%2Fx%2Fim%2Fm4%2F3&kgs=464bdb74697f11a3&shem=abme%2Ctrie ) There is one option position which has a theoretically infinite downside ( and only limited upside ) — short calls , where you sell another investor the right to buy stocks from you . This would be the trader on the other side of OP ’ s position . The best thing that can happen with a short call is that spot price < strike price at expiry , so the option is worthless and expires .
Thought about selling cc ’ s today but I ’ ll wait until after earnings so I don ’ t get assigned
Technically , it just broke out to the upside . Could stagnate in low 100 ’ s , but feels like it ’ s been held down for quite some time and earnings are quickly approaching .
Semantics .
Searching for finance terms you aren't familiar with on Investopedia is usually my go-to . Apart from that , major brokers like Charles Schwab usually have some kind of online class you can read through to learn about options basics . I read Options Trading for Dummies a long time ago and that will do the job , but it's kind of expensive compared to getting the same information online for free .
When i did sell my boat ... it took a while for sure ... some fantastic memories involved that boat ... was worth every darn penny !
How much does it cost to have your life ? Asking for a friend .
" Am I fixing the boat or is the boat fixing me ? "
That's messed up .
Supporting one another is a far more productive and fun way to go 😎
Thanks for taking the time to write that , explained what a good few videos couldn't haha .
Oh yeah , for the main core positions , I will either be selling CC's way OTM or wait as well . I also have CSPs going on , so there's a lot of delta to think about for me .
I like it ! If it's close to $ 107 tomorrow I will roll .
Nope . One you are betting on the share price hitting X by X date . The other you buy a portion of the company . One is gambling , and one is investing .
lol that ’ s like the “ who saved who ” with the dog adopting .
This is the way .
Heck yes ! Keep it up 😁
Also … don ’ t ‘ go ’ anywhere 🤔
Nice been doing the cc's for months but haven't done the csp's yet ... are premiums better ? If you're assigned you buy the 100 instead of lose them correct ? I may give them a try as we approach earnings .
I've owned a 45 ' sail yacht for 10 plus years and a whole lot of the pleasure is troubleshooting , discovering , then fixing broken stuff . There's a lot of satisfaction in it .
Yea , if the price gets too much ITM to the bottom side , or you hold it to expiry and it's ITM , you get assigned 100 shares . There's so many ways to manage them , I tend to keep them very ITM and use them as a virtual long position . You have to be wary of earnings dates , though . It could whip past the strike and leave you net short . Premium is pretty juicy , especially if you can sell them on the dips .
The problem with CSP is if the price falls way below your strike it will be so painful to be assigned to purchase stock at higher cost . Of course you can also sell to close and give back some or all of the premium
Makes sense thanks for the clarification ! Just looked at premiums , wow !
I can ’ t believe I just followed someone named Dieselcock .
Today when the market opened high , I thought " Well , he can't be right all the time . " Fast forward a couple of hours - " HE CAN'T KEEP GETTING AWAY WITH THIS ! "
WTF , this guy is right AGAIN ? ! ? Hopefully he's right on the upcoming bull run as well ... The markets are bleeding today .
The prophecy is being fulfilled
I started using diesel in my EV because I love Diesels posts so much .
I've been reading your post history the last few days . Your post in early August is what convinced me to hang on to my 200 shares with a $ 123.45 cost basis . Really appreciate you taking the time to do these write-ups . I know the trends are suggesting another breakout after a near-term drop , but it's impossible to account for the qualitative piece ( earnings ) in this analysis , right ? I know it's NVIDIA and they have crushed earnings in the past , but it feels like there's been so much scrutiny over these recent Mag 7 earnings calls that even something like Jensen admitting a 2 month delay for Blackwell could potentially cause a bigger drop . Maybe that's just nerves on my end .
LISAN AL GHAIB
Love your posts - they really helped me cope in those deep red days over the last two months . I got in late on the stock but I didn't lose anything and actually made a slight profit from NVDA . I've learned my risk tolerance isn't what I thought it was and have since moved into a broad market S & P 500 ETF like VFV ( Canadian equivalent to VOO ) and I sleep better and don't obsessively check the price every six minutes . I hope they absolutely crush earnings and you all blast off to the moon without me .
Ngl OP for President
Well whoever could have imagined it ? 30 min ago , Lol
All hail dieselcock
Always love dieselcock ’ s post
I ’ m excited to see your analysis come to fruition as that really only leaves us with tomorrow and Friday to see the sharp and short pullback .
Great read ! Thanks Diesel ! 1 . What are your thoughts about September being a bear parade month ( a rate cut FOMC to cause more confusion and chaos on the direction ) ? It is my understanding that October is when bears go into hiding . Possible scenario : So a rip to ATHs pre NVDA ER and a 5 % correction in September to new all ATHs in October ?
It's starting
you are a prophet
Holding cash on the line for buying in
Would you call the unwinding of huge volumes of carry trade a “ regular correction ” ? 🤔 It was something nobody saw coming except the Japanese central bank and maybe warren buffet lol , the bro was selling big ol chunks of apple right before hand . The market got blind sided by the yen rate hike . As far as I could tell it had nothing to do with stocks being overbought or moving away from lows and everything to do with the macro economics of Japan and it ’ s greedy traders .
I'll second that I would never have thought I would be following a Dieselcock , but here we are . The man is right on the money . Look at what is happening today 08/22
Was the dip to the $ 124 ' s today the pullback for NVDA or do you feel it will it continue to fall in the coming hours / days u / Dieselcock
I had my doubts so I didn ’ t sell at the top , but I also didn ’ t buy more because of this post . Still averaging lower than current and for that I have you to thank . 🥹 Do you think TSM will see a similar trend ?
Can it really drop $ 10 - $ 15 in just a day or two ?
Definitely possible for NVDA to sell off immediately after earnings considering the historic run up we had before . Anything related to a delay on Blackwell or something below expectations in anyway . I definitely feel like it will rebound soon after if this happens .
in DIeselcock we trust
Gotta consider September rate cut . Historically , that has signaled end of a rally .
Someone give me a summary , are we still going to the moon or not ?
I think it will open next Thursday 132
How do rate cuts fit into the equation ? They only seem bullish until they are actually there . Does a rate cut in September bear a risk for the next bull run ?
Thanks again for your analysis . Keep it coming .
> $ 135 down to $ 120 r u sayin we goin up to 135 $ first then drop to 120 ?
I was gonna say “ top is in ” then I saw dieselcock made it .
So that leaves today , and tomorrow and then mon / tues for a $ 10-15 pullback ? Holy shit my nvda calls expiring 8/ 30 are not gonna love that ..
Good luck
He was right again . Sold mine at 130 today . Sell off may continue to 115 to 120
Correct as always ! Thank you for your analysis 🙏
So if NVDA doesn't hit the $ 10 - $ 15 ( ish ) prediction today can this slide continue tomorrow or can a positive announcement for a rate cut end the slide ? Trying to decide if I should buy today or tomorrow .
What happened today ?
It ’ s been 2 fucking weeks and the market corrected itself . What rally ? If shit pumps beyond this I ’ m mad worried about next year . Everyone on this sub is 100 % NVDA huh ? Insane .
What do you use to be able to come up with these analysis ? Are there tools that show you this ? Or what trends are you studying ? I am curious as a person that have invested in the last 20 years . I dont really pay attention the short term ups and downs as much and therefore not able to write something like this .
Asking for a friend ( literally ): what is a reasonable entry point for buying NVDA before earnings ? I can settle for + / - $ 5 per share for your estimation .
Cheers diesel
What about Iran dropping bombs ?
I ’ m a bit confused . Are you anticipating a sharp pull back soon or has that already happened ? It seems like this post is narrating that the sharp pull back has happened already , hence the writing that a new rally has only begun . Sorry , can you help me understand ?
You're gonna be proven you're wrong and idiot again
I stopped reading after , " almost always " . Also rsi isn't that useful of an indicator . You're hindering yourself if your investment strategy revolves around a single indicator .
Nope Will go down on earnings due to forecast
Dieselcock ? For real ? All in Nvidia . Don't sell ladies and gentlemen . Remember , 8000 per share by year 2029 or 3,365 % gains in 5 years . Shalom !
Discount shares now , 24 - hour trading dropped it to $ 127.95 . Get a small gain before it opens at $ 132.35 , tomorrow . 😉
Welcome to the fan club
You are late to his party .
I did the same thing 😂
Same here lol
Yeah it ’ s become an old joke .
what's in a name ...
I saw this post yesterday and was skeptical . I just followed this guy this afternoon 😂 at the worst case scenario , he ’ s teaching me new ways of thinking
Just when you think they ’ ve got him cornered , Heisenberg slips away . Sorry Jessie .
If only someone would have told us ! Lol
I had shorter expiry calls and decided to sell after reading this post . Sold at the top with significant profit and the next time I open the app I see NVDA at 123 something lol . Now I hope it stays a bit lower so I can pile in longer expiry and more shares
Earnings is nearly impossible to figure into the equation . But it's important to keep in mind that earnings mostly impacts the stock near-term . Unless something truly fundamentally shifting happens , earnings will only have a near-term impact and NVDA will continue ahead in its general direction . A delay isn't a fundamental shift . It's a small blip . A fundamental shift would be like NVDA coming out and saying that it's customer's aren't making money and are likely scaling back spending in the future . That would be bad . What we saw this past month was driven by a market correction . It wasn't just NVDA falling . The entire market was taking a huge beating . A 16 % correction to be exact . When the market moves lower in a correction , bad news takes center stage . But it's important to understand that it's not the bad news that drives the stock lower . It's the stock selling off in lock-step with the market that drives bearish sentiment which in turn points to bad news as the reason . When the market is rallying , bad news is brushed aside and any piece of good news is highlighted . It's very counter-intuitive . But that's basically how it works . I bet everyone invested in NVDA during the months of July and August were under the belief that NVDA dropped 30 % due to some specific fundamental reason . The reality is NVDA dropped due to the correction in the broad market . Otherwise , how else can anyone explain how NVDA magically just rallied 45 % in lock-step with the QQQ rallying 16 % . The supposed bad-news we heard all last month is still there . And yet here's NVDA trading up to $ 130 a share from $ 90 . That's a near 50 % move higher right ? And for what reason exactly ? What news came out that can be attributed to that 50 % move higher ? I forecasted that move back in August 4-5 right ? And that forecast was based on the market bottoming out . Stated news items don't always connect to the stock price . The financial press can say whatever they want . But they don't know what 100 ' s of thousands of market participants are doing . They don't know what the top 70 hedge funds are doing and their decision making processes right ? It's just one journalist publishing what they believe are the reasons for the drop in the stock price .
Blackwell gets a shoulder shrug as there are still so many unfilled orders of earlier chips that it doesn ’ t matter . I expect the delay will work in shareholder favor at the end of the day . TSM is maxed out and announced a new production addition to their current facilities . We have a huge horizon with nvda , and who knows what else Jensen is working on that we haven ’ t heard about yet ?
I was in crypto in the beginning ; that really helped me learn to deal with very big swings and prepare for NVIDIA in some way . Hope the ETF works better for you !
66 analysts , all say buy , none say sell . Work for you ?
Did you see what happened around 11:00 ? ? 😬
Agreed , and it checks out when looking at the RSI for the week . But anything can happen too . NVDA is a helluva thrilling rollercoaster .
I ’ m curious about this as well .
Me too 👍
im new to investing and wanna invest in nvda when it drops to 120 should i buy according to what OP says ? can u pls advice
Lol how exact and prophetic do you expect him to be ? He said $ 10 - $ 15 off the recent high but he's not sure either . Don't ask too much , lol . Next we will be asking him if we should buy at $ 122.40 or $ 122.60 .
High was 130 so 10-15 off hasn't happened yet . If you wanna try and time it you can wait and see if it gets there tomorrow .
Look u how it dropped after reaching 140
Yes ...
Coming back to read old posts . Hats off to you my friend .
No it doesn ’ t . There are so few historical precedents it ’ s not useful to use them predictively . Listen to what the Fed is saying and look at basic macroeconomic fundamentals rather than trying to find false correlations . This is far more illustrative : inflation down , therefore rates come down . Lowering rates in the past has coincided with bear markets because the raised rates themselves caused the bear markets . That was the intended effect to bring down inflation . So rates were lowered to reverse something they caused , not to respond to something unrelated . This time around the Fed has tried to bring down inflation with raised rates without causing a recession , using history as a guide to prevent a repeat of the 80s . Basically trying to not repeat a fuckup . If rates stay high for too long then yeah there will be a recession eventually due to throttling economic activity . But rates coming down does not mean there is a recession starting . It means inflation is down . Mission accomplished . So let ’ s get in get out while we ’ re still unrecessed and keep the rally going .
It ’ s trading 130 . Pre market rn
From your lips to gods ears
No one had a crystal ball . Considering dieselcock post though I personally waited until tomorrow .
I ’ m a retired Series 7 & 24 Investment Banker for NationsBanc Investments - through the good old days of google not existing , no online trading platforms , then the dot com and Y2K madness , and I will hazard a guess . Dieselcock is old school like me , and had to learn how to read the market , understand the historical trends , sentiment , and REALLY analyze a position , and the markets volume shifts and price action . It genuinely has a fairly predictable pattern . Now with the HUNDREDS AND HUNDREDS of “ studies ” at literally everyone ’ s fingertips - the vast majority of “ traders ” - even those that profit - tremendously overthink and over algorithm everything . Diesel can correct me if I am wrong , but most of what I ’ ve seen him say cuts through most of the useless studies , and focus ’ on the few that are relevant , as well as the historical ebb and flow of the overall market . I can say , I do not miss the old days , when Greenspan coughing funny in a speech , or wearing the wrong tie could fundamentally swing the market . It wasn ’ t unusual for a 4-8 % market-wide swing down and up or up and down in an hour long presser .. and then 90 % of the time , after he was off the tv screen - things were generally settling back into where they were before he ever opened his mouth . Memory lane ! Happy trading !
Brotha if you can ’ t settle for + / - $ 5 a share buy right now
That would be disruptive . I think that oil stocks might surge .
New rally begun Monday 5th I believe was the date . That's the bottom of the correction . Nvda + qqq rallied since then without a blip . It's basically overheated now and needs a pullback to continue higher .
aghahaha
How many times are you gonna say this guy is wrong and then get owned ?
I went all in NVDL and made quite a bit of profit , should I take the risk and hold it till earnings ?
* sausage party
The funny thing is I had SPY puts that I closed too early this morning because I got spooked only for those puts to print . FML , lol .
You are the one that knocks !
All makes a ton of sense . Really appreciate you taking the time to respond , it helps add confidence to me holding my position long-term and riding out the volatility .
The key to making sense of the NVDA situation is to research the other vendors supplying or working directly with NVDA . Additionally , catching interviews with Jensen and other CEO's on his stage will tell you plenty about the TRUE direction of NVDA . eg - - Meta , ServiceNow , Dell , Amazon , MSFT , etc etc . IGNORE the naysayers telling you INTC and ARM will be eating Nvidia's lunch in six months ! ! ! AI is like a horse race with NVDA ahead by 50 lengths and getting faster ...
i can ’ t believe i just followed someone named dieselcock
Some very good insights to take here !
Thank you so much for explaining all this . I definitely just followed you … . Dieselcock 😂
Can you explain for a noob why NVDA seems to react more than the general market on both the up and down swings ?
Actually one did at one point . There was also one hold .
Haha my eyes are glued to the ticker today
Read the f article bro
Don't invest money you can't afford to lose .
It ’ s not dropping to 120 bro , maybe 125
[ deleted ]
The reason I concluded this was I noticed the last two times there was a 20 % run up BEFORE earnings , it stayed flat through earnings , even with a beat . I also think at this point this stock is like a private casino for market makers and there are so many inexperienced retail traders , wall street is able to use the same tricks over and over and make $ $ $ . They will try to wipe out options on both sides .
This is correct . Right across the board . I ’ ll just echo what Capable_Wait 09 has already said by adding there simply isn ’ t a large enough sample size here . We don ’ t have all that many past historical events where the fed started cutting rates leading to a peak in the market . And what ’ s more , the last few times we ’ ve seen that happen , there were a lot of other things happening in the world . For example , in the Greenspan era , we had the housing bubble and financial crisis . The fed was forced to cut rates due to the Fanny / Freddy fiasco back in the summer of 2007 and that eventually lead to the Bear Stearns collapse and ultimately the financial crisis . The fed was behind the curve back then and it was ultimately their own doing . The underlying problems were taking place as they were raising rates . This current fed had very legitimate reason for raising rates in 2022 and have equally legitimate reasons to begin cutting . The point here is that those two markets don ’ t quite match up . What ’ s more , there was a very big lag effect between when the fed began cutting rates in summer 2007 and when the market peaked in late 2008 . It was a good 4-6 months between those two things . Certain segments of the market peaked in January 2008 ahead of the Bear Stearns collapse . The fed began cutting rates in Aug-September 2007 . But remember , the fed was hawkish up until August 2007 when credit conditions began tightening . I remember that period well . It was one of my best trades ever . I got super long a basket of different stocks ( January options ) across the board in Aug 2007 and it all paid off by Nov 2007 . But really various segments in market were in okay shape throughout much of 2008 even . In August 2008 ( a year after the fed began cutting ) , all of the big tech stocks like google and Apple were within a few percentage pints of their highs only a single month away from the financial crisis . The character of the Bernanke fed and that economic environment was very different than today . The Bernanke fed went from hawkish to dovish in a single month driven by rapidly deteriorating financial conditions . The Powell fed has largely been very dovish and these upcoming rate cuts have been expected for nearly 6-8 months now . The Powell fed is by no means “ forced ” like Bernanke had been . In 2007 , it all happened very dramatically as the fed was forced to take action during a big market sell-off in August 2007 . And again , even in that situation , there was a big lag period between when the fed cut and when the market actually rolled over . I make this point because I ’ ve heard this whole thing before . It ’ s a known trend in the market . The last thing I ’ ll say on this is that this bull market is brand new . It only just started in January 2023 . It ’ s not even 2 - years old yet . In 2008 , we were 5 years into the bull run before we peaked . So even then I don ’ t think this market environment really fits into that prior trend .
Would a bear market even be that bad ? I would love to buy stocks at cheaper prices .
Right across the board ^ . I started up in the late 1990 ’ s .
I was talking about what range would it be reasonable to buy at right now . As an example between 120 and 125 . Hence the + / - 5 .
And when can we anticipate this pullback ?
Same for me . I ’ m trimming little by little . Aim to keep 50-60 percent for earnings
Hey , options can be scary ! You would have been thanking yourself if we moved in the other direction and your options expired worthless !
NVDA is a high beta , high delta stock . It traded at a higher than 1:1 correlation with the market . It ’ s almost 3-1 correlation . That ’ s because the company is producing far above average top and bottom line growth and the stock price is just now beginning to catch up with that earnings growth . Take the average company on the NASDAQ - 100 and look at its growth rate and then compare to NVDA . That ’ s why NVdA ’ s stock is trading the way it is . But it ’ s also because it ’ s a highly popular stock among FOMO retail investors as Capable has indicated . That ’ s a huge part of it .
I reckon it ’ s because it ’ s a popular stock amongst FOMO retail investors and new investors looking to get rich quick . When there ’ s a sell-off by institutions that would lead to a small dip for a normal stock it ’ s exacerbated by hordes of FOMO investors panic selling which deepens the downward movement . And same process for when it ’ s going up . Lots of folks reentering positions riding the hype train leading to undue upward momentum .
You and me both ! Edit : anyone that bought calls for eow 😳 Thankfully I bought puts ! 😥
No way . Let me double check on my calculator app ... you're right .
Do you see the stock recovering soon ?
Same lol
If you can get in at $ 120 these up coming days then more power to you but it might not happen . I rushed in at $ 124 and bought some more because I was thinking about buying in at $ 129 before .
Already underway . Almost done actually . If you blink you ’ ll miss it . Could see a few days of back and forth or sideways trading . After that , the market should continue higher as we just ended a 16 % correction
I ’ m gnna do all my profit taking today and buy right back in before earnings
Yeah , I have learned my lessons the hard way . That's why I bailed with a minuscule $ 400 profit . But by doing so , I left thousands on the table . Such is life .
Thanks mate
Do you have a strategy for buying back in ?
my guess is today it will recover a bit probably back to pre-earnings price . Hopefully this gap up isn't a trap . Several times before a gap up premarket traps everyone and then it sells off
Yep , I went in at 235 . I think we'll be fine post earnings .
Ok I thought you mentioned another 5 percent pullback . Today was really the only down day in quite a while . I have a ton of cash sitting and I didn ’ t invest a few weeks ago when I should have . 😡 was hard to know when to Pull the trigger . I know it ’ s never wise to try and time the market . I work in the field . 🙄
Honestly , I ’ m praying they drop a bit closer to $ 120 to get back in . Maybe just before Powell gives his speech tomorrow ? 🤞
Curious to hear as well .. I have my own
I ’ m watching QQQ , I ’ ll start considering buying in to nvda when QQQ is at $ 470 but can wait until it drops to $ 463 . I ’ m glad I held off buying today and didn ’ t take the bait when nvda appeared to stabilize at $ 124-125
This is pretty huge right ?
This is very interesting , for retail investors . For the market makers i'm not so sure . I hope they know how big this is .
160 here it comes !
This is basically Jensen waving his big Blackwell cock around to taunt all the bears
FUCK YEAH
I ’ m starting to understand why Jensen is so bullish about Blackwell . He might have just made the must have data centre platform for years to come .
Ready for takeoff , Sir . Monday , Tuesday , Wednesday , 🚀 🚀 🚀
5 trillions company by 2025 . 🚀
My ex wife ’ s boyfriend is gonna be over the moon ! ! !
Buckle up ! We are going Linear on t NVDA 🚀
Maybe the delayes wasnt even there , only fake news .
Woop woop ! 🚀
Will this help SMCI go up as well
Hell yea my paper calls are about to go into Orbit 👽 👽 👽
And next month when it falls 3 dollars you'll shit yourself .
“ Delay ” … . ha … haha … hahahah … muuuahahahaha
This makes my balls sooooo wet !
Cheers from Iraq !
Own it for a decade , sister !
While Blackwell was reportedly delayed three months , Nvidia neither confirmed nor denied that information , instead opting to show images of Blackwell systems being installed , as well as providing photos and renders showing more of the internal hardware in the Blackwell GB200 racks and NVLink switches . There's not much to say , other than the hardware looks like it can suck down a lot of juice and has some pretty robust cooling . It also looks very expensive .
When is Monday ?
Fuck the haters
F ’ n A Cotton F ’ n fucking A let ’ s go ! ! ! 🚀 🚀 🚀
Best news of the month .
We just need DieselCocks input on this and we ’ re set .
I mean what price does it have to be to surpass Apple ? That ’ s going to be a big psychological barrier
What ’ s up brother ! ☝🏻
¿ So don't short the earnings call ? lol
Yes ! Nvidia will never go down like ever again .
Signs skynet is being built . Ai is taking over
This makes my balls sooooo wet !
Interesting . $ 180 by Christmas ?
Looks good . Will it run Crysis ?
“ AI building AI , with turtles all the way down . “
Damn gonna buy more tomorrow ! !
Next weeks WSJ stated a price of 185
The recent news from analysts is very bullish and gives even more upside . I read a report today where one of them said he can see it performing the next five years at a rate to give 30x today ’ s price within 5 years . Sure sounds like hold and wait ! ! !
NVDA this week will touch $ 160 ( First to $ 4T ) NVDA in Nov 2024 will touch $ 200 NVDA in Feb 2025 will touch $ 240
These rumors of delays are spread during a time the company can ’ t say anything ( quiet period ) . And get spread by weak hands . If you believe in Nvdia - stay long . If you have qualms - sell .
God damnit . Should have sold my shorts with the 55 € profit last week , now I am - 2 € and I will have to sell it immidiatly 🤦‍♂ ️ I wanted to sell at around 123 because I expected it to go down to 120 and then instantly go all in into leverage long . Now I will sell with minus and buy close to 130 and Monday 😭 😂 Lesson learned , if you try to time the market , be quick instant of hopeful . I saw bad news everywhere so I was really shocked when it suddenly bounced back up . And since then one big good news after another so no shot that it will drop again next week 🙄
it'll go down fyi
You bet your ass it is
While Blackwell was reportedly delayed three months , Nvidia neither confirmed nor denied that information , instead opting to show images of Blackwell systems being installed , as well as providing photos and renders showing more of the internal hardware in the Blackwell GB200 racks and NVLink switches . There's not much to say , other than the hardware looks like it can suck down a lot of juice and has some pretty robust cooling . It also looks very expensive .
High volume of shares to sell at a high ( for them ) price probably .
160 works for me .
Love to see it
I heard 175 , but I can ’ t confirm / deny …
161
195 after earning
Off of black well u think w e only going up 30 $ last good earning last year it went up 80 $
I ’ m so hard right now .
Such an eloquent metaphor !
* * BBC * *
lol that's one way to put it . Like signing that chest
Love it when Jensen does this .
😆 😆 😆
Fuck yeah
This is why other Mag 7 companies have committed so many 100 ’ s of millions to buying Blackwell . The ER on Wednesday should be interesting . What will be more interesting where the share price trades at on Thursday
I am over the moon 😂
Probably yeah
- 27 % today .
You ’ ve made it to the top
I thought this was fucking hilarious . Thank you .
Username checks out
3 dollars isn ’ t anything in this market !
They will sell and we will buy that dip !
Which ball ?
Are you the guy a few lines up looking for a Dieselcock ?
It is delayed and engineering sample running in data center which is still in testing . They are failing in achieving mass production . They may fail in achieving mass production
A second before Wednesday .
This news does not guarantee anything for earnings
ALL HAIL DIESELCOCK
You need a Dieselcock to input ? Yea you on the wrong reddit buddy .
Special teams , Special players ! !
Damn it , I was going to load up in the next dip . I guess I'll have to get in ASAP .
Dumbass .
This is the potential for NVDA to hit 200 a share this year , something I'd long given up on ( and by this year , I mean by the end of this fiscal year which is February next year ) .
They couldn ’ t confirm or deny since they are in a quiet period
$ 175 and I ’ m donating $ 5k to my local cat shelter
Does that , my options print and I pay off my house .
Sounds good to me 😊
That was before the stock split . That would $ 8 now , which doesn't seem like nearly as much upward movement . hmmm .
I love my Big Blackwell Chips that come from Big Blackwell Wafers .
millions ? ? try billions ! $ AMZN CFO : “ ... we will be meaningfully stepping up our CapEx ... ” $ GOOG CFO : “ The significant YoY growth in CapEx in recent quarters ... $ MSFT CFO : “ We expect capex to increase materially .. ” $ META CFO : “ We expect capex will continue to increase next year ... ”
I'm not your wife anymore
Both . I don ’ t have enough paper towels to dry them both off at this rate .
Who isn ’ t looking for that ?
You are a bot ?
You never go full regard . You went full , re , gard . No seriously you have no clue what you're talking about . An engineering sample didn't come put if it's bum hole . Where do you think it came from .
Hmmm seems positive on Blackwell . For long term play this is what we want to hear .
Only thing that guarantees Earnings , are the Earnings . The rest of us mortals , need to follow the news and updates , haha
What's a dieselcock ? 🚛 + 🍆 ? ?
OKAY PAL
Yep . Goes up , buy . Goes down , buy . You have to pay the rent and barely making it , buy .
I am making quiet a lot of money off from Nividia for being a dumbass 🤔
There is no such thing as a quiet period . Any quiet period is strictly voluntary . Quiet periods are only for IPO'S or special offerings , etc .
$ 275 and I ’ ll buy a truck and call it my pussy wagon
$ TSLA CEO : “ Tesla Gigafactory will house 50,000 H100s ” Dojo to continue to scale with Nvidia hardware $ X CEO : “ xAI is building the 100k H100 system ” And “ Next big step would probably be ~ 300k B200s with CX8 networking next summer . ”
C'mere , baby !
You sold three days before what will probably be the single most blockbuster earnings report ever . That ’ s certainly seems like a dumbass love to me .
Also , that's just ridiculous anyway . Jensen is doing constant pods or speaking engagements , he did the thing with META , he's NEVER in a quiet period ( which I'm fine with ) . What I think happened ... since they ARE delayed , the delays could have been as long as 3 months , they weren't , instead of shipping last quarter and then really ramping up this quarter , they pushed it back maybe 6 weeks . Whatever ... I have 55,000 in my account ( mostly from luck from 2020 ) . I manage 10K for my Dad and 5009 for my Nephew who's still an infant . I was never worried long term . In fact , I bought more last month because I owe interest and penalties for late taxes and I need to come up with 10K more . So I bought 500 thinking if it moves from 105 to 155 , I'll more than make that up ... and I should sell now as it already has , but I'm that confident in NVDA . If I lose out , oh well . But I don't think I will .
$ 325 and I'll buy a plane just to have orgies in the sky .
Up to a few days ago , everyone was speculating on a bad not a great earning report ^ ^ My Mistake was to not act quicker sure , but the stock rose up before I got the new news with a literally 180 turn on what is expected from the report ^ ^ Again , I dont see how I am a dumbass when I missed out on profit but didnt lose money lol . Its allways ez to talk when you either only play a long game , or dont invest / trade at all . I am doing fine overall .
420.69 $ lambos for everyone .
Anyone that has held AAPL for a decade or longer has been through this x 10 , especially post-earnings when AAPL would blow it out of the water and then the stock would be dragged into an alley and shot in the face . Even more laughable ( infuriating when I was younger ) was the spin on BI or Bloomberg about ' disappointing ' earnings . Short term market bullshit , long term gains . I have learned to never try to time movements in a stock like this . I have gotten out and in multiple times in AAPL and each time I doubt I made a dime and lost plenty and eventually learned to do what every sane investor will tell you . Buy , hold , and STFU . Thats my stance as a recent investor for NVDA at 107 split adjusted . I am new to understanding AI but feel at a fundamental common sense level that spending on this paradigm will only grow into ubiquity , we just cannot see all the ways yet . It's a no-brainer as far as I am concerned .
Just watch Jensen face in the Bloomberg interview . It literally says everything . He is saying « you guys are so fucking dumb for selling this news because I ’ ve got it all lined up and we are printing money Q4 , Q1 , Q2 , Q3 , Q4 ; and I can see you Wall Street wankers set me up in a bear staging with talking bozo heads . I am wasting my time with you but I will say it again anyways . Ok thank you I have better things to do now »
As an investor you should understand the fundamentals of Nvidia's business . Nvidia's greatest source of revenue is data center . That means GPUs and systems for GPUs to process data and output tokens / intelligence . The question is how will Nvidia further increase its data center revenue ? It seems like everybody that needs a GPU is buying one and there is no real tangible product from data centers . That is where you are wrong . The compute and data requirements for next generation AI , simulations , and robotics will increase 1,000 , 000 by 2030 . Right now we have chatgpt and stable diffusion . Transformer and diffusion models that can generate text , voice , and images . What's the next step ? Video . Videos consume and output almost 10-60 x more inferences and requires more parameters to train . Just based on this , we will see computing requirements jump from Sora and other video diffusion models . After that what's next ? Robotics ? Training robots to be fast and nimble and perform dexterity tasks such as folding laundry ? Cleaning ? Assisting hospice and eldery patients ? Fulfilment centers ? These will require an even larger data set of training and multimodal models . This is no longer training chatgpt . You will need far more compute . People overestimate the progress that can be made in 1 year and underestimate how much Nvidia will accomplish in 5 years . I assure you , in 2030 , consumer robotics will be here and Nvidia will be a 10T company .
Pisses me off that the nasdaq and s & p or both green but nvda red . like it's personal
" Long term investor " And mad about intraday moves ...
if you are an actual shareholder , stop looking at the stock daily .
I believe in the long-term future as well , which is why these fluctuations don't concern me . If it had mooned , also wouldn't have concerned me , because I wouldn't be selling this year either way .
[ deleted ]
The big market players are always a couple years ahead of retail .. you buy stock for future growth . For Nvidia , the bus left years ago . Now - there will be future growth but will not be like the last several . And that ’ s what the earnings said
Nvidia ’ s volatility is caused almost exclusively by extreme greed and irrationality . People expected a blowout earnings report , but they instead got one that was slightly above projections . I am beyond frustrated as a shareholder and options trader right now at this erratic movement .
You can ’ t expect Nvidia to gap up 10-15 % every single earnings no matter how good it is . That would be irrational .
Go with ETFs for stability . You won't find it here .
If you are in it for the long term , you will need to cope with big volatility , it certainly isn't going away . It shouldn't get you down as long as your reasons for believing in the company / stock remain unchanged . What I do myself is I allocate some savings budget and any time I feel like I'm getting stressed about the stock dropping significantly I consider if my long term outlook on the company has changed , and then buy a bit more from my savings budget at the discounted price .
I have said it before but the last stock split has done more harm than good . The increased speculation and options activity undermines a lot of the stability and you can ’ t trade options with partial shares .
If you're looking for rationality from the stock market , good luck with that .
Semiconductor is inherently volatile when comes to stock price . I ’ m numb by now . Holding since 2018 . Wait another 6 years while ignoring the noise , I ’ m sure another 20X return , or at least 10X . Don ’ t fret .
All i see is many , many whales short trading the stock , pretty obvious to me . NVIDIA is in a short sell mommentum .
You must be new , this is extremely normal . It's not even remotely so simple as good er = price up .
[ deleted ]
Just buy the dip .
It sounds like you are a new investor . In the short term , stocks move based on expectations . In the long term , it moves based on the performance ( results ) of the company . So when it is good news = long term up , bad news = lon term down . Short term , good news and bad news only affects the company when you take into consider other factors , which you have completely missed . NVDA has gone up in the last few weeks significantly . The expectations are super high and to be honest yesterday's results did not meet the expectation of the market . It met the expectation of the analyst , not the market . Analysts is not market .
If you are holding long term don ’ t pay attention to roller coaster current trend . Just let it ride .
Personally I think it it has to do with the projected revenue growth at $ 2 billion . I'm not savvy enough to do any technical presentation as I'm not educated in regards to markets but I'm an educated human being with a penchant for numbers , patterns , trends in data . I studied physical science and never took statistics . In markets there's so many different ways to cut up the number pie . As an uneducated person I just read until I find myself satisfied by some perspective and then try to only loosely hold onto that justification . Yesterday that perspective included 2 points . At one point in this most recent quarter NVIDIA dethroned Apple in valuation . At this point based on the projected growth that take over will be over half a decade away ( a point someone made in this sub and I'm not sure if it is technically sound but I assumed it was at least temporarily ) It's always just another way to look at the exact same data . But this perspective gave me confidence that this company will be growing a lot slower than it was this last year . Is a stock that's projected to overtake Apple at any point still something worth holding ? What about after ? What would my money be in if it wasn't in this stock ? Those are the questions running around in my mouse maze now .
The moves aren't irrational . They are following the textbook movements of a market bubble . Zoom out and look at where we are . A lower high bouncing off the underside of a prior parabolic run . Two massive leaps up , drop , retest , reject . classic bull trap . I held NVDA since $ 5.80 and closed my entire position out before this because it is a rational and predictable move . 2022 NVDA was exactly the same . I highly suggest examining that chart for comparison . ANF just completed the same pattern this week with a \ ~ 18 % drop and counting on good earnings results . These are rational and intelligible price movements if you know what you're looking at . Whether you believe in price patterns or think it's self-fulfilling prophecy , same outcome . Putting this in terms of the fundamentals ... This is occurring because the market is weighing the idea that NVDA is too hot and massively overvalued . For comparison Meta has equally good or better fundamentals , trades 1/3 the valuation and is still subject to crumping in a broader market pull back . So despite bulls pointing to good earnings and guidance , NVDA stock has a thick layer of speculation on top of that and plenty of room for valuation compression if smart money decides to pull the rug and move from risk-on to risk-off . In the bigger picture NVDA is solid and has good growth opportunities ahead . So the market could test a bottom and bounce right back , or it could take a few years to recovery . Long term i'm bullish . But each investor should be deciding whether they are capable of holding the bag to $ 40 and waiting however many years a recovery takes , or whether they are the type who fomo'd in at $ 90 and are going to panic sell all the way down and then miss the recovery . I'm in the latter camp which is why i took my gains and am waiting for stable footing to re-enter .
NVDA is far ahead of the competition , once AI is in retail , industrial ... pretty much every sector NVDA will take over the world and Jansen will be the real life Tony Stark . Quick money makes no money In Nancy Pelosi we trust 🙏
When no analysis can explain the stock movements , people refer to “ investors take profits or sentiment ” . This again and again proves while stock investment is very simple “ buy low , sell high ” , it is extremely difficult to predict stock performance short term . And that “ timing in the market is more important than time the market ” . Patience is a real virtue .
If predicting stock movement is that easy , all of us would be rich . If you were expecting massive gains from NVDA your entry needs to be way earlier . Once all the normies knows about it its too late
This is what happens when $ 1.5 billion dollars NVDA and NVDL options are sold in a few days before earnings . The Hedge funds managers were not going to let all of those options go into the money . People would have been selling them and they would have lost BILLIONS . So they created a dumpster fire , people are panicking , selling . Meanwhile - we the stockholders who hold it for LONG - are phuked . It really suxx .
I have learned this year that the market is far more irrational than I expect it to be . Back in April Tesla had bad earnings , yet the stock went up , while Meta had good earnings , yet the stock went down . None of that made any sense to me . I plan to hold Nvda for a long time , so not bothered by the ups and downs . I also think it is FOMO stock this year , so it is unlikely to stay down for too long .
If you're really long , you won't look at the price daily or even monthly .
The only answer is that their extreme performance and profitability has been priced in for quite a while
The stock is up 145 % YTD . How is that considered down ?
For those of you who are frustrated by the erratic stock moves and volatility , blame those who keep buying options and leveraged etf ’ s . If long holders just bought and held shares , there would be less price manipulation . Your fellow shareholders are more or less gamblers .
Sell calls and join the transfer of wealth game ?
Explain market manipulation :)
Most negative news about the stock is BS . Where else can you put your money anyway ? Everything is impacted by nvda and there's no obvious better investments out there .
I'm not an expert . Far from it . But I do listen to experts on most things . And in the case of NVDA , it's rated as a Strong Buy , with an average target price of $ 150.77 by the people that actually get paid to analyze this stuff . So I will ride it out . Ebbs and flows of a stock are normal .
A post earning sell off for short holders . Just wait more than a day before drawing conclusions .
This is all normal . People selling thousands of options are billion-dollar funds / banks . So , they have a big incentive to keep the price at the best level for them - check max pain theory . And they have a lot of money and powerful algos to help them . There was a huge imbalance for calls this time , so they did what they always do to make money . It doesn't work every time , but it does often enough that they are still in the business of selling options . Next week is the one that really matters . Hopefully , we will start to retrace back to 130 + .
Are you really saying that after we ran up from 99 to 130 in less then a week ?
NVDA is the only stock that I've seen that tanks because they didn't do * good enough * after they released really good earnings .
I hear ya . I just changed my sell price to break even point . What you outlined is my entire problem with it . The movement makes absolutely no sense . It's basically a 3 dimensional roulette wheel . This stock is not for investors . It's for gamblers . No longer interested . ... and to prove that this will probably be my last comment in this sub . Don't get me wrong I've encountered a lot of great people here , but this stock is not my thing . Nvidia is still a great company , but this stock is no longer representative of the company IMHO .
It wasn ’ t a good news . A little growth is not enough . This is a hyper growth stock . Also they generally give forward guidance two billions below and then beat it spectacularly . This time no hyper growth expected anymore .
Just buy more when it dips
Just remember the stock buy back .. IMO they are purposely suppressing the stock so they can get a better price when they decide to drop that 50 billion on the buy back ... We should see this start to ride back up sooner than later .
There are always reasons . I have no idea what they are , but I can make something up . Perhaps its capital saturation . Investors had already put all their money into the stock and call options . After earnings , even though the results were positive , the stock price didn ’ t rise because there was no new capital available to push it higher . Or Large institutional shareholders aiming to profit at retails expense . First , they sell overpriced call options and collect the premium . After the earnings report , they sell off large portions of their positions , driving down the price and ensuring the calls expire worthless . Then , as people panic sell , they start buying the stock back at a lower price .
You bought it for the long term but you get irritated by short term volatility ? !
When did you buy it ? NVDA has acted like this for YEARS .
It's manipulation to push out retail who are over leveraged . This is why we had a massive dip into the 90s recently . Price moves on news , retail traders get scared , panic sell and then smart money buys it up .
Im just going to keep loading up and hope I have accumulated a big enough bag that when they start the engine back up , I can move somewhere nice when Im done with it
Every eye is on Nvidia , is just it was already priced in , the growth has been exponential , can't be always like that . Evrithing above 100 is okay , not carzy undervalued or anything like that .
Market manipulation $ 1.5 B sold in call options around $ 130 strike no way they were letting people make money on this . It won't see $ 130 again until October when all of the September calls are worthless and time decay erodes the October calls .
I ’ m getting out of this stock as soon as I hit break even
Were you complaining when it went up on no news for about 15 months straight ?
It really is just to nuke the options this week
Irrational movements for sure , I never understand the market really .
Looks like we ’ re cooked in the short term fellas 🥵 🥵
Short term reaction is the perceived lower guidance compared to previous quarter guidance ( 2.3 % v 5.2 % ) . The 3 month delay of Blackwell meant that revenue arriving in Q4 instead of Q3 has the market questioning growth , but it ’ ll come all the same . Had the 3month delay not occurred , the guidance for Q3 would ’ ve been 12 % assuming “ several billions ” can be defined as “ more than 3 ” . Now we add that several to Q4 , the strongest cyclically and invest accordingly .
It ’ s all about the guidance last 3 quarters revenue growth was over 100 % this time I believe it was 77 % which means growth is slowing .
options expiration tomorrow and they stop trading @4pm today .. if we get a meaningful pop in the NVDA tomorrow then … market manipulation ?
I'm new to all of this really . Saw something similar when GM crushed earnings last report and spent the next 2 weeks losing 20 % of it's value . Beating is just not enough it seems . It needs to be a grand slam in every respect .
High PE and forward PE reflect greed and always too high expectations . A stronger steady growth with a PE like Apple or meta would mean NVDA would be priced at around . $ 60 - $ 70 right now . Would that make you happier ? At this point the only options are to play along with the greed or sell the stock . The greed and inflated expectations are quite literally priced in
Nvidia has never been in a monopoly situation like it is now . If the recent stock movement seems irrational , it's probably because you don't fully grasp the Capex cycle of hyperscalers in AI . There's a big risk here given the valuation of Nvidia in that all the massive investments these companies have made ( and will continue to make for the time being ) in AI could end up being just a small bump in revenue , not the game-changer they're hoping for . Implementing AI isn't easy , and adding chatbots across various platforms isn ’ t exactly groundbreaking or new tech . So , you have to wonder what these companies are really aiming for with these investments and whether they'll see the kind of revenue growth needed to justify their continued spending on Nvidia . There ’ s a lot of analysis available , but it ’ s easy to overlook because it ’ s not just about Nvidia — it ’ s about the hyperscalers too . Nvidia is basically selling the shovels to those hoping to strike gold , and the hyperscalers are paying the hefty price . If the gold turns out to be sparse or nonexistent , Nvidia is likely to see a reversion to the mean . You have to ask yourself , if this is an unsustainable bubble , what inning are we in right now .
Didn ’ t Jensen sell a fuck ton recently , could be why it ’ s going down … . 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
first time trading stocks ? I am invested in one company and it has beat revenue expectations for 5 quarters in a row . Its trading at all time lows .
The stock market is no longer rational
I'm pissed at this irrational movement too
You obviously already know that markets are illogical in the short term , and that's what you are seeing here . The real value of the business will make itself felt again soon . What happened at SMCI and high expectations being priced in are the most likely reasons for this wee pullback . Just zoom out and hold .
Welcome to the stock market . Where nothing makes sense . That's why for most people , long term investing is the best idea so you don't have to deal with the daily emotions
Stock market is rigged . High speed trading and these hedge funds . I wonder how many billions are needed to move this NVDA market
Buy the rumour , sell the news . This stocks was already at the good news price so when the news becomes official it ’ s not gonna go up cause it ’ s already priced for the good news , hence sell the news .
If i had liquid cash id be buying , when it dropped 10 percent in march / april for no reason I pounced . No regrets .
if growth is slowing then the PE ration needs to come down significantly in order for sophisticated investors to want to buy it . look at Tesla . mega growth then the growth stalled out . it is also super volatile but we see the stock hasn't done much in a few years .
? Stock price was trading with the anticipation of a really amazing earnings . So the price was inflated cause of it . Earnings was good but not amazing so people sold . People have been warning about buying in anticipation of it going up cause of earnings for a while
The stock is priced to perfection , any bad news will be treated tougher on the stock than most other companies . Speaking of analysis , there is not one good thesis other than AI hype that justified such a high PE ratio . At what price do you believe in the long-term future ?
It was already priced in . The market is forward looking
You all enter the stock market , give up your reasoning !
The answer is in Trailing Twelve Months performance compared to the previous twelve months .
But before it was the other way . You want it one way .
OP must be new . This can't be predicted reliably and yes , the market is often seemingly irrational . Nvidia's growth has slowed down from what I understand on the ER . The market seems to think it's topped out . That is the best reason I can come up with for the drawdown . Doesn't mean it won't go back up . Or reach new ATH in the next few months . Or it might just tank even further . Reality is nobody knows for sure .
If you are a long-term holder you should not need to care about short-term movements .
What about nvdl
Read the 10 - k and ignore the rest .
Never heard of " buy on rumors sell on news " ? ? !
its gonna be a V-shaped recovery . People will buy TF out of this dip pretty damn quickly . Its only an issue if it severely breaks lower supports . Then just buy the dip . You can sell some here if you want , take some BIG profits
I guess you learned that stock prices are random . It's a really good thing to know , and it's why the dividend is the most important thing because it's the only way a shareholder actually receives any money from the company . As an investor , you shouldn't be bothered by the price of the stock ( unless you are looking to transact ) because it is random and meaningless . All you care about is whether the company will generate enough money to give you a return ( through a dividend ) that is worth the price you paid .
Your post fails to accurately depict the direction that this stock has made over the past several months , not to mention years . It's been largely catapulted into a valuation the company and its shareholders could only have dreamed . You are crying about a blip in time .
you are late .. then you have to wait .. $ AAPL news may pump it .. next event happening with apple new AI release
First time ?
accurate
Well … if you have shares the ER movement shouldn ’ t bother you . Check back to this post in 4-5 years and laugh about your +5,000 % gainz
Please , no more earning parties . I can't believe that these are real . https://www.ndtvprofit.com/world/nvidia-takes-over-as-pubs-across-us-turn-host-for-earnings-watch-party
Profit taking is a real thing
Yeah . Stocks can go up or down
* Looks at one year chart * What did you expect ? !
Why you mad if you intend to sell ? Let people air out whatever they want 🤷‍♂ ️ . If a guy says the world is ending tomorrow im going about my day and setting my alarm same time . Don ’ t bother me
People were just overhyped and expecting the RoBussy release . That type of robotics to safely handle your dong won ’ t be available until 2027 . Keep holding .
The only value that matters is that of your end horizon . Until then , watch but don ’ t worry . When you ’ re within 6 months of your end of horizon , start setting your stop limits . Until then , everything is just noise .
I was all in on nvda , with no other cash . I would have loved to buy the dip to $ 90 ? So I sold 650 shares on the 27th at $ 125.20 . Now I have the bulk in shares for the longhaul and cash , waiting for the September dip to $ 80 ?
Welcome to how the market has always behaved , across the world , for tens of thousands of years . There's a reason people joke that technical analysis and financial forecasting are horoscopes for dudes , though Warren Buffet would argue financial forecasting still has some value , and that is to make fortune telling look good .
To quote Keith Fitz-Gerald , the stock market is the only store on Earth where people run away when things get put on sale .
Speculation --> Volatility At least it has earnings .
Relax , it's market doing market things ... Billions worth of calls sold above $ 125 expiring 30/8 by market makers to retailers . They can't let them go them in the money . $ 122 is where they make the most money , downside doesn't hurt too much but big no for upside .
All I want to see is $ 150 by next summer , and I'll be happy . I'm in long with 491 shares of the 2x leveraged ETF . I'm trying to take a small vacation and then pay off student loans . 🙏 🙏
It's up 144 % year to date ... What do you want ? The average stock goes up maybe 7 % a year
Because the stock prices are not based on news . Wehen it seems so , the news follow the price and come up with articles to justify it . There is a resonable ammount of technical analisys you can do BUT if you are a long term investor , don't even bother with that .
I think it's widely mistunderstood stock like TSLA or MSTR . Everybody has an opinion . The narrative bias hits all news channels . We want to stay updated so we consume them . But it's all nonsense . If in 10y the world needs 10,000 times AI computation because of AI scaling laws , NVIDIA will be up big . Not much more to the story ...
Apple has done this many times . Nothing special . Just part of the deal .
This sub is hilarious
Waiting for that fall like they did with Meta and now is back up and higher .
I'll try to explain what's happenning in a concise way : Everyone is trying to evaluate where NVIDIA will land in the future . Will the AI pop ? Will AI be useful ? Will Nvidia follow in the steps of 1990 IBM ? Nobody knows , people either make their own guess in the best case , or act like a herd buying and selling for quick gain with no actual clue at what they're doing . Conclusion : Overall , people started to realise that short term results may not give a good indication at what the longer term results will be in NVidia's case ( contrary to Microsot , Apple , etc . whose business seems guaranteed ) . This means the share value isn't based on results anymore , it's based on hope , fears and prayers ... it's highly volatile and people don't know what it should be anymore . After such a climb , can Nvidia continue to increase profits ? You can make a lot of money if you can answer that . Personnally , the only thing I know is that NVidia can and will continue to make good products , and that they're good at marketing . But that does not mean they'll have clients for years to buy these products , and that's completely outside of Nvidia hands .
Basically the stock market
Welcome to trading .
News was they had disappointing guidance for Q3 , and slowing growth . What do you expect ? [ https://www.euronews.com/business/2024/08/29/nvidia-shares-slide-as-guidance-misses-expectations ] ( https://www.euronews.com/business/2024/08/29/nvidia-shares-slide-as-guidance-misses-expectations )
A bunch of kids trying to double up their allowance in a week .
If the market was predictable we'd all be retired . Wait until post earnings options positions clear out .
Sold all of my apple to buy more nvidia yesterday morning say a prayer for me . Hope it pays off . I ’ m officially all in
Yes ! I thought this sub was for interesting info about sales , earnings . Instead it ’ s 19 year olds wondering if 1 share is a sell or hold .
I bought AMD in 2021 after they way exceeded earnings , stock dropped $ 20 share over the next week , I ’ m still holding it .
[ removed ]
Are you a long term holder or not ? You say you are But then you complain about micro changes If you are a long term investor , just stop looking . You're literally just wasting your own time .
If you do not like “ irrational movements ” and “ zero sense ” the stock market is not the place for you . The market is not logical , not rational , and does not make sense . It is a large group of human beings and the algorithms they program making decisions based on fear and greed , as it has been since the beginning of time . Stocks go up and down based on supply and demand , plain and simple . Every single person on the planet was bullish on NVDA going into earnings . Where were the new buyers supposed to come from ?
NVDA is a ridiculously hyped up stock . The earnings were fantastic but unfortunately didn ’ t live up to the hype . I ’ ve been following this thread for a while and lately it ’ s looked a lot like WSB with rocket emojis and Redditors treating it like a get rick quick scheme although all that hype has died down lately for some reason 🤑
I ’ m an actual stockholder too and do my own analysis based on the financials , which are very good . I think there are a couple of reasons for the volatility … One is the number of people that don ’ t really know what they are doing buying options and also trying to do short term buying and selling of the stock . The second reason for the volatility is one that ’ s affecting the whole stock market .. and that ’ s uncertainty due to the upcoming election . That ’ s pretty common in an election year and even worse now with so much uncertainty as to what all will go on …
Its had a hell of a run . Got to take a rest for a short time . Think this is 1 that has more upside
I feel like the price went way too high too fast and it outpaced what were already HIGH expectations for the quarter . Their guidance was strong . Plan to hold for 5 years at least and stop checking the price every day .
It's all a fugazi in the short term .
It ’ s up 750 % since the start of 2023 . Nothing goes straight up forever . If it spends the next few years between 80 and 120 it would make a lot of sense
Stop lying bro
It's really simple . Good news is already built into big companies share prices . People already know the news before it comes out . Just hold and ignore the news . If your long term . Day to day price action is meaningless .
They need to increase their free cash flow margins by 181 % to justify their value . This is the problem . Increasing by 5 % isn't enough the company is valued at over 3 trillion . If you buy NVDA right now you have to buy into that projected growth and believe it's possible in the arms race of AI . Otherwise , you shouldn't invest in it for your own sanity . Jensen knew this when he opted for the 10:1 stock split . I personally believe holding this stock will pay off . How long to hold , however , I do not know .
Brother , I feel and understand your pain . I bought into NVDA in January . Thought I was late . Cashed out all my positions and went all in with NVDA . I briefly considered dropping $ 180,000 on March 2024 $ 700 calls . That would have been a 15 % - 20 % move in 6 weeks . It felt like an unrealistic gamble . So I spent 80 % on shares , bought the March calls with the rest . Had I gone 100 % calls I'd have made a million dollars in 6 weeks . I currently have 2100 $ NVDA shares , some June 2026 leaps , and a small fortune in $ NVDY . I plan to hold my shares for quite a few years but the movements sometimes get weirdly unexplainable .
Its market manipulation to get you to sell your stock for cheap then they can buy it up and cash out when it goes back up .
The memeification of NVDA has begun .
Anytime I feel bad about it I zoom out to my YOY gains and remember that life is good .
hedge funds decide , regardless of the earnings obviously ..
Man these people that bought the top are annoying haha
Sorry , You probably belong in index funds . What the stock is doing is very understandable . No big deal actually . Further NVIDIA is the highest volatility stock of the large cap tech stocks . This is exceedingly well known . High gain always comes with high variance . The stock exists and moves within a number of non simple dynamics especially if one does not have ic industry and deep learning knowledge . One dynamic in play now is overreaction due to lack of understanding of typical ic yield ramp at new tech nodes . What nvidia is going thru with blsckwell was to be expected and happens quite often with other chips . People typically simply don ’ t hear about these and nvidia news is magnified . This overreaction will be a flash in the pullback will be seen as opportunity . Problem was fixed with a mask change as are most there is no functional issue . Another is irrational fear re the economy and recession . Another is funds simply capturing gains now prior to getting back in in a month or two .
My feeling is almost as if the split poisoned its profitability . As now , another long term holder ; I was making several thousands a week day trading it now making absolutely nothing down several thousands its very frustrating .
Bruh this stock is priced in as it was a 10 trillion dollar company . Hence why any warning that indicates anything short than that there's gonna be a dump .
That pretty much sums up what volatility means ...
Lets see : Nvidia is incredibly overvalued , mainly because of their tremendous growth . Growth is slowing down . Now compare Nvidia with for example Apple as far as annual revenue and profits go and then tell me if they should be priced as closely as they are now . Never forget , stocks reflect future expectation , not the past . Yeah Nvidia grew by a lot since last quarter , but that is priced in already . What we learned is that growth is starting to slow down a lot , so thatswhy the stock dropped .
It's a victim of its own success . After the split , all kinds of traders , options people were able to pile into the stock . People who care whether it goes down a few dollars in a couple of days . If you truly are a long term investor , why do you care ? Why do you even look at the share price ? My take home from yesterdays report ? $ 26 billion . That's freaking amazing , and up 150 % . This is a growing company with huge profitability , so I'm all in . All I care about is collecting a bunch of shares at a decent price . I'll check the value in 10 years , and I'm sure I will be very happy with it .
I ’ ve honestly stopped looking at the stock . I ’ ll look back in 5/6 years .
Solution : stop being emotionally invested and check the stock once per month You said you aren't selling so it should be easy
[ deleted ]
Lots of NVDA holders about to get wrecked buying at a $ 3T market cap . I hate to warn you guys … if you ’ re buying now you ’ re definitely late to the party .
Long time AAPL holder here . Dragged into an alley and shot in the face killed me . Thousand percent accurate .
I remember all those earning days like it was yesterday . Indeed it was extremely frustrating and just like today .
This . I ’ ve help Apple since iPhone 3 came out .
I have a GoOd memory , so in 2015 while buying Apple stock at $ 130 , I LOST MONEY THAT YEAR ( before Buffet came in ) . It was utter bs , growing 30 % top line yoy , killing it in China , but with a PE ratio of almost 10 ... look at now with pe ratio of 30 + . Market is ridiculous half the time
100 % this . Buying and holding requires a strong stomach and the ability to block out the noise .
> Short term market bullshit , long term gains . this
Anyone that has held NVDA for a decade or longer has also been through this several times .
Bloomberg published at 4:20 pm yesterday NVDA stock crashes after disappointing guidance . I am wondering if these " news " intend to cause what they claim - for a fee ofc .
One honest response in all those beat ass subs responses
I remember when the P / E ratio for Apple was in the low teens years ago . My brother works for them ( not retail ) and I told him to buy and hold as much as he can ( ESPP , etc ) . This was also around the time Warren Buffet starting loading up on shares . Apple P / E this low is a Black Friday sale and we weren't in a recession .
According to statistics , AAPL is much better being volatile stock . It appears Worst is TESLA , then NVDIA .
Correct answer , but there is one key difference . I still expect to buy phones in ten years ( or the equivalent for the function , and I expect Apple to make that ) . But who knows where AI will be in 3 , 5 , 10 years ? And if AI booms like the Internet , will you still need Nvidia to make it work ?
It's not just AI . AI LLM are just programs that can process data for you and communicate it back in normal language . The real revolution is in data management . Like leather jacket J said , it's not an exiting area to talk about because most people don't have a direct interaction with it , but everyone ( and I mean everyone ) is affected by the speed and quality of data management . Without good better data management you don't the cool " sci-fi " products like dexterous robots , seemingly sentient AI's , or any thing else . It's step 1 in any system and nothing we do in the modern era can exist without it . And guess who's in the lead by a very wide margin for all advances in this fundamental step ? NVDA .
NVDA is a different story . Excluding ER and days around ER . The stock is - 6 % on average . Apple up more than NVDA after 7/11
There was this twinkle in his eye that I picked up on which said , “ Dude , we ’ re friends . I ’ m doing this for appearances . I am the big boss now . And I have to seem like an ogre . But you know me and you trust me . And we like each other . And we ’ ll always be friends . And I would never take you for granted in a million years . And I miss you , man . And I love you . ” His words .
he was so , so pissed off . That's where the $ 50B buyback comes in ! !
You sound like the dude from Wargames !
Honestly I'd prefer that NVIDIA spend some of their mountain of cash on robotics startup acquisitions and frankly ... just expansion of R & D overall ... rather than on stock buyback . Buybacks are fine for short term stock boost , but you give up so much long term . Maybe they've already figured out their R & D needs , but their market cap per employee is insane . 5x any other tech company . Hire and expand , then dominate all things AI . $ 50B stock buyback should be cut in half and the rest spent on acquisitions and expansion .
Smartest one in the thread . Where your wrong is where you think the jump from video to folding laundry in such few years .
But do we have the resources to scale up to this ? Current industry already looks far from being sustainable so far . Genuinely asking your feeling about it
! remindme 5 years
How much additional Power Demand would be needed to service this type of growth to Data Centers ? Can the National power grid handle that amount of increased capacity demand ?
What does the stock price look like in 2030 assuming no Buy backs
I hate saying this but man it all smells of 2000s Microsoft . I sincerely hope Nvidia is working on low power on device AI neural chips . That's the real money maker . Sell billions and billions of chips to consumer hardware manufacturers . Up against some serious competition since both Google and Apple are doing this themselves . I do not believe , at all , data centers of the scale we are seeing invested in today will grow even 100x in 6 years . Monster models will top out , and the rest will be fine tuning agents . Once there is a giant base model , it's iteration . Whoever can live without yearly model training , saving fuck loads of cash , and develops low cost token , on device , good enough is going to be the winner of the big cash bucket . The rest will be research . Even industry only needs good enough . All just my opinion . I have like 400 small pieces of Nvidia so I'm playing out my thoughts about my own risk exposure .
Great comment ! We ’ re just getting started with AI . Then you have these short-sighted analysts who can ’ t see beyond earnings reports . How long did it take for Amazon AWS to become profitable ? It was founded in March 2006 . “ Amazon AWS became profitable in April 2015 ! ” - Google
Moore ’ s law can still be used as a guide and reference for the rate of innovation and progress in the tech industry . ( Computing power doubles every 2 years ) Supposedly it is still useful until 2036 .
ABSOLUTELY ! That ’ s why I ’ m holding for another 6 years to see that monstrous return ; however , I ’ m more optimistic - 10X instead of just 3X return by 2030 . 😊
Long term investors are waiting for the options gamblers to get shaken out
Yeah , that's why you should hedge and have exposure to those index funds .
ok
Buy low sell high . Opportunity to buy more for long term investment . Traders should have sold a month ago . Investors should buy more today . Case closed !
if you ran an investment firm you would by stocks that have slowing growth and a 70 PE ? no way
There cratered the S & P for you . You can be happy now
But I like to watch
Then how long ? People were told not to look at the price in June ( 140 ) and July ( 135 ) . I wouldn ’ t think 140 EOY is possible at this point
If it had mooned , I would sell . But in this case , I just added more today . And will laugh my way to the bank in a few years .
I ’ m thinking 2028-2030 .
I feel the same way .
I was a financial advisor for some large firms right out of college and I will never forget the best piece of advice I ever got that kept me humble to the market . Big money is like a bakery . You've got a bunch of hands in the kitchen but only person owns it . Nonetheless if you follow them around you can pick up the bread crumbs and have your own load of bread one day . No need to try and get rich . Just follow what big money does and pick up their crumbs . It will always be more than enough .
The recent print and drop in nvda have improved the forward pe substantially . It's set up nicely for a 20 % + upside from these levels in the coming months .
yeah pe is actually cheap , I know garbage food stocks have same pe
Sounds like a good opportunity to buy
Those way OTM positions are called lottery tickets by the pros , because you have almost no chance of winning with them .
[ deleted ]
Holy hell , someone speaking rational up in here . This should be at the top .
I don't think the earnings even said that . They said they had a banger of a quarter despite being on the tail end of their existing generation of hardware .
How do you know the big market players are out already lol
30B is a blowout revenue take in . Apes are insane to think this is bad .
Give it a minute . The share price will catch up to the fundamentals . The algos see what you see .
Yeah , I think that many investors formed unrealistic expectations for Nvidia . They got spoiled with unbelievable earnings for several consecutive quarters . They are not thinking that unbelievable results are not sustainable forever . An analogy is if you are a parent , and you have a straight A student and a D student . Then one day your straight A student gets a 98 on an exam and you get so upset that the student did Not get a 100 as usual . In the meantime , your D student gets a C and you get overjoyed and celebrate by opening your 100 year old wine . And even go to Disneyland ( that ’ s where Superbowl champions go to celebrate ) My question is that if you don ’ t put your money in Nvidia , do you put it on a highly questionable and risky meme stock in order to try to maximize your returns ? , which sounds crazy to me .
The problem is our expectations change from quarter to quarter and they get “ priced in ” . Such bullshit if you ask me . If you look 1 year ago this is way more growth than anticipated . Like a 2 billion outperform means nothing . I mean are you kidding me . Any other company had this would have exploded . I mean it pure manipulations at end of day … . The people with the biggest pockets run the market , whichever way they want to . That what drives prices
people's expectation is not unjustified considering the stock value of this company . But I don't understand why OHTERS doing good now such as GOOGL .
Absolutely not . This is silly .
The amount of entitlement some of you people feel is insane . Get a grip . Stocks are about discounted cash flows , not about news spurring the price to go up in the short term so that your options print . JFC , can you kiddos please just go play with legos or something ? So immature and so stupid .
Nonsense
This
You're asking the right questions . For the company to grow in value , it has to deliver more than what the market participants anticipate . They anticipate extraordinary performances , and even future technology that don't exist yet , so ... I could go on about how investing in innovations has historically been a bad strategy . The question to ask is " will this business be more important in the future than what all the other investors think " . " Investment returns do not come from a company ’ s growth ; they come from the relationship between a company ’ s future profits , and how much you , the investor , paid for those expected profits . Paying a higher price should lead to lower realized returns , all else equal . This is exactly what the historical record shows . " There are so many examples in this article about unferlooked sectors outperforming the new innovations . I think you could enjoy this read : https://pwlcapital.com/investing-technological-revolutions/
Right . I don't understand how almost no one here is talking about the insane valuation of the company and how the market is pricing the future , not the present . Nvidia is overvalued compared to its peers . The S & P500 is overvalued , and nvivia is even worst . People talk about hypothetical future growth related to technology that doesn't exist yet , but that's just tarot card reading at this point , without the when and the how much being known . When your read this sub it looks a lot like a meme stock .
Stock is only up about 10 % over the last 3 months indicating slowed growth . It'll still be decent returns but investors will never see triple digit returns again on this stock .
Yeah . I see people in this sub talking about the “ apes ” and acting like we ’ re in WSB . Very frustrating . Dudes in here maxing their credit cards , dudes using his entire life savings in the tens of thousands meant for a home purchase , dudes apparently selling their million dollar home to go all in . Freaking insanity .
Yeah , take analysts price targets with an extreme grain of salt . Nvidia is a good company but , analysts are full of shit lol
Don ’ t get me wrong . I don ’ t mind the stock going down . That to me just means discount so I can average down . I ’ m just frustrated by the randomness of it .
there are plenty of tech stocks this round which did pretty much the same thing .
it does feel like it is for gamblers since the stock split , and most will lose . the volatility is simply insane and quite unhealthy
It ’ s so ridiculous how the MMs try to force everyone to sell just to go back and buy everyone ’ s shares at the low . 130-90- 130 in a month doesn ’ t look like manipulation to you ? ? ?
Just trying to make sense of the news vs stock direction … I ’ m holding in either case , but just frustrated that I can ’ t figure out the logic behind it .
Right why would they allow retail investors to make money on this , since retail loses the most money and just hands it over to smart money .
Why ? If the daily stuff stresses you out , don't watch the daily movement . People make long term plays , but intra-day movement is the realm of daytraders , shares and options both . It's a financially sound company .
Wasn ’ t in the market then , so that argument is irrelevant for me .
Which is just bullshit . If it beats , it beats . I understand it shouldn ’ t be some parabolic run up when that happens , but it still beat all expectations . Maybe at least a small gain would be warranted . But I guess really I just want all these day traders and gamblers out of this stock as it ’ s incredibly frustrating . You got dudes in this sub talking about “ apes ” now and it ’ s reeking of WSB .
Which one is that ?
certainly you dont mean nvda's dividend
So … . The average dividend of Mag 7 is nothing to write home about but if you ignored them over the years or even since 2022 well you missed out . For now . Future is still always going to be up with short selling in between !
Um disappointing result ? https://stocks.apple.com/A707EiAxxTwa8VPDN-akS7A
I bought NVDA back in July and held during the August crash … will be holding for a long time . I should stop reading the stock news …
Just trying to understand the stock … I mean if it ’ s moving in an irrational way , I am not sure what to expect in long term …
Bullshit ... NVIDIA's Forward PE Ratio for today is 46.75 ... Costco Wholesale's Forward PE Ratio for today is ... 48.89 NVDA is cheap and the market has no clue ...
Roundhill is coming out with their own version of single stock like NVDY and i think it is weekly divvies . Supposedly NAV erosion is less with Roundhill because they are daily calls instead of monthly . So far happy with XDTE
I've been buy-and-hold for decades , but I'm still fairly new to products like NVDL , TQQQ , etc . How is NVDY different from leveraged products ? Or is it the same ? I looked at YieldMax's website , but it's still not obvious to me .
there have been companies in the past such as baba that kind of smelled the same way . obvious geopolitical differences there but 4 years later that company is hardly recognizable . things can change pretty fast and i wouldn't trust any one company nowadays with that long of a time frame . if AI spending curtails significantly or even stops or it doesn't provide a return nvda's biggest draw is done for .
Doesn ’ t help when he does a daily dump of 14 mil of his own shares . Yes i know it is a small fraction but people don ’ t like seeing that . Don ’ t know who advised him to do it but i would have just done a big dump in a few days to sell instead of dragging it out . It just creates bad sentiment .
[ deleted ]
I bought when Warren Buffet bought . When people camp overnight for new phones , and the amt of cash and buybacks they make / do , no worries . Once you ’ re in their ecosystem , hard to change …
What are you talking about ? Why would Jensen care about after hours market reaction to the earnings ? This is literally completely inconsequential to his job running the company . The report is what the report is and the buyback shows that they don't need any more capital investment to do what they are doing . And he didn't look " so , so pissed off " to me . I don't know what you're smoking .
As a robotics engineer . Its hilarious he thinks that way .
Energy capacity is one of the 4 bottlenecks to achieving next generation data centers . Many companies such as Meta and Microsoft are investing into solar farms and nuclear reactors that are purely for powering their data center . It is expected that we will need 100x more energy capacity to achieve the 1,000 , 000x compute capacity . I am hoping breakthroughs in orthogonal fields , such as fusion reactors and energy efficiency will allow further acceleration of next generation data centers . At its current state , our infrastructure will be unable to handle the energy requirements of future data centers .
I will be messaging you in 5 years on [ * * 2029-08- 30 02:00 : 06 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2029-08-30%2002:00:06%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f454fh/rant_from_an_actual_shareholder/lkluru8/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f454fh%2Frant_from_an_actual_shareholder%2Flkluru8%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202029-08-30%2002%3A00%3A06%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f454fh ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Power consumption is what drives the migration to each new generation of chips , doing more for less energy . And also why choosing a less efficient competitor makes no sense - it costs too much to power an equivalent number of them .
It ’ s like they bet against the obvious to win out . Playing options is gambling .
Honestly yeah . Corrections are healthy . Especially given the cispool NVDA has become as baby's first meme stock . Let the chaos bleed out people who actively behave impulsively and irrationally , seen enough of them over the months . Take advantage of it and buy the dip if you want . What really impressed me are the insane margins . Cost of doing business for Apple and Microsoft are very high , yet they are extremely low for Nvidia . They have such a big buffer for net profit , plus they can increase their revenue quite a bit before they match the other $ 3T companies . At those margins , they're generating more net profit than the other two without even needing to make half as much revenue from sales .
🤯 🤯 🤯
Watch , but so many people on here lose their shit with every swing . Why enter this field or this stock if you dont have enough conviction .
Long doesn't mean 3 months brother . Long means 1-2 years at minimum . For actual investors that's barely the start .
Years
If you ’ re gonna do stocks , it ’ s a good idea to learn how to analyze the companies . Have your broker make automatic a monthly or weekly purchase . Listen to the quarterly calls and read pertinent news once a month . You can use this to decide if you want to grow , maintain or reduce your position .
That's right around my retirement ... maybe , yeah .
Explain why
May I ask ? How hard was it to get into that role after school ?
Excuse me , but why are you prefixing PE with a dollar sign ? It's a ratio - not a dollar amount !
Not saying they ’ re out but i doubt they ’ re buying as much or anything like they were 1-2 years ago
Apes are mad because they only get stimulation from a graph line moving sharply in one direction for no logical reason other than to post more monkey and rocket ship emojis .
That was already priced in and guidance isn ’ t amazing .
No one said it is bad , but when they were expecting close to 29B 30B seems to be a meh beat . It ’ s all relative . Personally i think they were looking for like a 32B and if also a similar raise in guidance then this ER would have been another out of the park one . unrealistic i know but that ‘ s how the Market is nowadays and in a way caused by NVDA ’ s own past successes .
At this point , the market will no longer be impressed by nvda " to the moon " , but only by nvda colonizing the moon or some shit .
Wish I would got more grades like a 98 while I was a student . sniffle .
Thanks for posting that . It's been lost in the maelstrom of white noise that is these types of discussions on Reddit ... but it's a fascinating article .
> only up about 10 % over the last 3 months
That ’ s probably true . At least the honeymoon period is over .
Agreed .
Fair enough I get that .
It absolutely looks like it . In fact if you want to spend a few minutes in my mental house of crazy , I was actually thinking recently how Anonymous seemed to disappear at the same time we had a questionable election , and hasn't been heard of since in the media . ... and now I'm seeing things like this , Bitcoin doing very similar things , and all I keep wondering is what I'm missing that ties it all together . But one thing is for sure , the behavior of not only this stock but plenty of others lately seems completely divorced from the behavior of the companies themselves . THAT's really why I cut my sell order to break even . Because all this unexplained sh \ * \ * can be explained too many ways most people won't say , and none of them are good . Numbers only behave like this with a " thumb on the scale " so to speak . Only we're seeing a thumb on , a thumb off , on , off , and back on again . It's the best analogy for all this that I can come up with . But no matter what the exit sign has my name on it . Because like the WOPR said about tic-tac-toe and global thermonuclear war ... " Strange game . The only winning move is not to play . "
Yes , it's the only way Nvidia can pay its shareholders . The most important thing investors should care about is how much money Nvidia will pay them in exchange for the price investors pay for the stock . Of course NVDA barely pays any dividend , but the idea is that eventually it will pay more ( subject to sustainability and growth of profits ) . The random fluctuations in the share price don't change any future dividend payment . But the movement in price alters how appealing the investment is to prospective investors ( higher price = less appealing ; lower price = more appealing ) .
It's not the current dividend that matters it's the future stream of dividends .
I have been studying finance for over 15 years . You don't understand the stock based on ticker price . You understand the financial statements , the leadership team , and the mission of the company . That is what you should use to determine your position and strategy . Fundamental analysis . What you are doing by trying to make sense of the change in price , is trying to make sense of the culmination of millions of people's reactions and decisions which is based on an unimaginable amount of information AND misinformation . It is simply not possible to explain . It is not rational , and that fact alone is the only reason the stock market can exist to begin with , or else you'd have people gaming it and the common man would be a loser always . ( Gaming the market is different than insider trading and it's an important distinction because gamification relies on a structured scientific investment strategy , and insider trading relies on having access to non public information ) As soon as people can make sense of the movements , they react by selling or buying , which subsequently changes the price , thus bringing you back to square one . It's called the " random walk theory " which explains why you will never , EVER be able to make sense of the movement that occurs in an efficient market . Not even at an individual stocks level .
[ deleted ]
Google brings in 80b a quarter . Costco 40 and recently 62b a quarter . Microsoft even more . Nvidia is worth more than both of those companies COMBINED and brings in 30 + billion this quarter . Positive numbers yes . But NOT ENOUGH due to NVIDIA's fcf and profit margins . That's what I meant by value and why it's going to be very difficult and raise the price as quickly as people expect or in most cases " want " .
Signed up for their email alerts , will keep an eye on them
They buy and sell options on the underlying stock . NVDY dividends are based on $ NVDA options trading . They pay a dividend monthly . Last month , they paid $ 1.25 . The stock is trading in the low 20s , and that's a 5 % APY if you invest for 1 month only A couple of months ago , the dividend was $ 2.56 , and the share price was $ 30 CONY is the same thing but using Coinbase . I bought some in October 2023 . It wobbled November December then COIN went up big in 2024 . I sold the shares for like a 20 % gain , but the cash dividend payout in 6 months was equal to my initial investment . I put the cash into NVDA . So my return was 120 % in 6 months . Not counting NVDA gains January - April 2024 .
Well , my dad has been in Nvidia since 1999 , investing $ 15 k shortly after the IPO . Now the stake is anywhere from $ 12 - $ 13 million , depending on the day , so buy and forget works . If you think it was luck , well he did something similar , but to a lesser degree with Microsoft and Apple . It wasn't always easy , but he is loving life now , just 25 years later
[ deleted ]
I bought at around 110 and sold at 160 because they got sued by epic and the ruling came out caused the stock to dump . I regretted selling the stock because I would of made $ 10k if I held when it broke 200
Going back down though .. you're under
That works for Nvidia's gamers customers . But for AI ... do companies buy because they like Nvidia , or because they have no other option at the moment ?
I was guessing the datasets / compute sizes for training would not be larger here .
I'm not a robotics engineer , so my understanding of timelines is only based on what other companies reveal . What in your experience is a more feasible timeline for consumer robotics , aka household robotics ? I'm talking MVP , single task , basic function robots . Unitree already is planning to mass produce their humanoid robot for 2025 .
that ’ s a long time . Why not stay in VOO then ?
I would invest in apple instead if I want that long
So what ’ s your decision on the current status of NVDA ? September is the worst month historically .
I mean I'll probably get downvoted because it's reddit , but for me it was super easy . I networked in college and then I scored the highest on the entry " test " in my state in 33 years since my mentor . Good pay with 2 % commissions but I hated sales .
That's like a spoiled child crying that he only got one scoop of ice cream when he expected to get two ...
What did you want ? 40b ? 50b ? 100b ?
But you did in high school though , right ? , as well as taking AP ( advanced placement college level courses )
Free lesson Nr 1 : Forward PE is a ratio not a dollar amount ...
Costco has a net profit margin of roughly 2.8 % Microsoft around 35 % ... NVIDIA reported a net profit margin of 57 % this quarter up 101 % YOY that's how it's justified . Sorry I noticed you said Google not Microsoft , their latest net profit margin reported was 27.87 % . A 13.2 % gain YOY .
Compare the profit margin for them as well
What are you talking about ? Nvidia is not even close to worth more than Google , Costco and Microsoft combined . You can compare revenue without taking margins into account .
Buy and forget can work , or it also cannot work . You can pick those companies as examples , but there are always other counter examples why not . Buffet first came up with it , but nowadays with the way the landscape changes i wouldn ’ t use that strategy blindly .
What fraud are you referring to > ? I know his bud Charles Liang is the one running smci and his first cousin is Lisa Su .
Dude that ’ s a SOLID swing . I wonder how much LEAPs cost at the time . I bought leaps on AAPL at 130 and doubled my money when it went up to 160 and sold . I only made 6k off my 6k though .
Never regret locking in solid profits . Priority 1 is never what money you didn't make . Priority 1 is what money you didn't lose . There's always gonna be money somewhere to squeeze out , but there's way more that you could have lost when distracted by emotions like regret , euphoria , fear , etc . You made the best choice based on the info you had . Don't dismiss what it could have saved you from if things went differently .
It would take atleast another 50/60 years before we even see a consumer level anything . Even then the upkeep alone , hiring a competent tech to troubleshoot / repair / reteach would already put the market base to just the higher class of society . Middle and lower classes seeing anything like that is probably an additional 10/20 years . I will be dead and gone by that point , but from what I can tell you firsthand , robots take a ton of hand holding and even then one bad sensor can brick it if not programmed correctly . So the foldbot 5000 sounds great on paper , in reality it isnt at all that close . Now , if we are talking about BD level full autonomous robots , thats a pipe dream . Those are very advanced and also very very expensive . That level of build quality will never hit consumer markets , unless you have like 10-20 k just sitting around for giggles . Sorry to be a debbie downer but between that and people overestimating AI capabilities , our childrens lifetime will have those types of things not us . We can try and strive though to improve that future , even if the world is doing world things . " Motions at everything around us "
Because nvdia will make me more . What you're doing is gambling . Chasing cash . A lot of actual investors are trying to set themselves up long term . I can easily pull out my tfsa and have cash and live like a baller for a few months . Not worth it .
1-2 years is incredibly short time period to be long on a position
You can invest in VOO if you want to . I have VWRD and few selection of stocks that I have conviction will do well in the future . From your posts you are playing the bear game and seems you are in it for short term , so your views are going to be different .
Then you should play penny stocks . Trillion dollar companies aren ’ t going to make toy rich overnight worth investing .
Investing is a personal decision . My decisions shouldn ’ t affect someone else ’ s choice to invest . Listen to the earnings call from yesterday , review the earnings report and decide if it ’ s worth it to you . I ’ m not worried about September being a historically bad month . I ’ m aiming to hold for 15 years . In the call , Jensen stated that doubling the amount of data requires a 4 - fold amount of computing capabilities . Their accelerated computing GPUs are the solution . As consumers and users continue to evolve and provide more data that needs to be processed , businesses will need exponentially more resources to keep up . Sounds to me like this will scale in the long term . So I ’ ll keep buying shares here and there .
Wall street is full of nepo baby spoiled children so this tracks
Now you're getting it .
lol it is not what i want . All we know is that this street didn ’ t find it juicy enough . I said what i felt probably would have passed the bar . But who knows .
Sometimes but not enough for me . An AP here and there .
They are valued higher than those companies while being worth less . Pardon me for typing too fast there . That is what I meant when I explained my reasoning for the stock being volatile right now .
Google NVDA : Fraud , Revenue Misrepresentation And Insider Selling
has anyone bought a long time ago ? i bought in january and thought i was recent but it seems everyone here bought post split . i bought when it was like 60 but i have no money so i didnt make much money
Hey , I've tried to help this kid . He's young , he's both ... kinda stupid and really arrogant , so he's 50/50 short NVDA , long AMD ... except now he's selling AMD ( which is really stupid , AMD is going to go up , he just bought at the top ) . He's just here to troll though . Just bumped a month-old thread to start talking shit again !
The difference is to me NVDA is topped . So the only thing I ’ m doing is short it whenever it deadcat bouncing like this morning
To me , that ’ s bagholding
Yes . I ’ m pretty successful recently with the exception of AMD shares . I just can ’ t understand the points of being NVDA bols . Even with this indeed great ER ( I thought the forward guidance would below 30B so I bought NVD ) and the good macro environment at least for now , the share price expectation is so low . Septembers is also the worst months in the history . So why stay in this stock ?
To be fair , the street wanted it to crash . There was nothing Nvidia could possibly do .
I'm just curious ... do you really believe that ? That NVDA has reached it's ATH and it won't go any higher ? Blackwell revenue ... won't matter ? Or is this just " I'm bored , I'm trolling ? " Just ... one honest answer if you can .
Election year . Zoom out ;) It is historically bullish for the stock market . Also Nvidia is a great company to be in right now , if you grabbed your shares at the dip when it hit $ 100 it's pretty nice to hold for the next few months with elections looming around :)
I disagree with that , I think there was an earnings level that could have made it run again , but it was a very high level that nvda couldn ’ t just match this quarter . The problem is that the earnings whisper kept on getting upwardly revised , until really it was all or nothing . I don ’ t think the market necessarily wanted it to fail , but their own expectations kind of doomed it to a very high likelihood of such .
I only play short term . And yes , I believe NVDA won ’ t reach its ATH at least this year . Blackwell ? If it matters then why NVDA - 10 % from Monday morning ? Your turn to answer my question now , do you really believe NVDA gonna reach ATH this year ? Or you still believe 150 EOY because of 32.5 B ?
You made your point . I ’ m thinking about buying more puts as soon as NVDA recovers .
You have no idea what you're doing and the more you talk , the more it shows .
I've answered . Yes . I do . But really , I got the final answer I needed when I saw the " I only play short term . " That's ... the problem right there . That's why you're getting out of AMD and you'll miss out on AMD's growth , then you'll be on there trolling them , hoping to make money shorting THEM once in a few quarters .
Sure but i would wait for october , 1 month before elections might get volatile , should be nice for options either direction . Then again i dont know shit about options so you have to explain your strategy xD
Imagine basing your investments / bets off on some random reddit comments . Stick to VOO and stop messing around , it's clearly not for you
You can simply pick any other semiconductors company , let alone tech companies to get a better return than NVDA . Dude , when can you wake up to the reality
Bud , you said you're getting out of AMD . I wasn't asking about NVDA . I don't really value your opinion here . It's gone from \ ~ 5 dollars to 120 since I bought in . I said your short-term thinking is why you'll sell AMD and miss out on their gains . That's the reality . The " reality " is when I sell NVDA , I'll have to pay 7 figures just in long-term capital gains . You may want to change up the " I only play short term . " That's just ... stupid , but you keep doing you .
Good luck on next month , the worst month in the history . Among all 6 Septembers in election years 21st century , none of them is green
My man ... this is EXACTLY your problem and why you're never going to have money until someone manages it for you . I've seen my portfolio go up or down 7 figures in a day . You really think the prospect of a red September is a big deal ? I hope you learn more about investing and ... I really hope you're kidding about buying a lambo if you ever manage to save up 6 figures to even buy one used . Financial literacy is something we really need to teach younger in this Country . You're going to be the guy who everyone's talking about losing their life savings at some point in the near future .
You never took a look at why Septembers have been bad . You can Google it ; there are plenty of resources . Buying a used Lambo is not a good idea , just like investing in NVDA in September . The new one doesn ’ t cost much more than the used one .
The more I chat with you , the more I hope your dream of NVDA 150 EOY can come true . Just for the amaze factor
I'm not investing in Sept . I'm not selling an investment I've had that is up 3000 % . You really need to learn more about how you accumulate actual WEALTH . Not money a few grand here or there , but wealth . I think you've got some growing up to do . It seems like you expect IMMEDIATE returns and that's going to lead to some money lost .
I don't think you understand , it made my dreams come true years ago . It allowed me to start my own firm , to go out on my own . Do you think 150 EOY is a dream ? No , financial independence is a dream . I achieved that at ... 400 . Everything on top of that has been the cherry on top .
There is a 55 millions volume of institutional selling at the close . You think institutions are selling the stocks for a discount ? If you can explain this as bullish case or nothing burger , I won ’ t disrespect you again
I don't care about your " respect " or not . You're the one who's going to have to live with their choices and " I only look short term , " is an immature way to invest and ... it's going to leave you broke . Now , cite your sources and I'll see if I give a fuck or not . As for why I'm bullish ... Blackwell . Same answer , time after time . Price targets RAISED after Q2 ER . 50B stock buyback ( not authorized to buy back 57.5 B in stock total ) . [ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/analysts-overhaul-nvidia-stock-price-112103048.html ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/analysts-overhaul-nvidia-stock-price-112103048.html )
Congratulations . I will tell you as a long-time investor , $ 1,000 is a lot of fun . It's exciting when you're young . It looks like life-changing money to an 18 year old or someone without a dollar to their name . I would task you to consider what this will look like in 15 , 20 or even 30 years from now . Best of luck on your journey .
You did the right thing ! Which was nothing ! Congrats 👍
Just remember - a valuable lesson learned about NVDA may not apply to the next stock you buy .
Right now it is easy to feel like you've learned a lesson and come out wiser . When it happens again ( it will ) , use this situation as an anchor point so you aren't swept away into a sea of panic . If you believe in the stock and aren't close to retirement , a downturn is a buying opportunity .
I ’ ve said it before , one of the most difficult things to do in the market is simply do nothing . But ignoring an itch takes tremendous willpower
Buy and hold . I do the same . Congrats .
Would recommend taking profits on asts , it doesn't seem likely that the current price holds as they won't have anything functional for a while . Today's rally was purely off of hype , and companies don't pay the bills with hype . Anyone who understands this will sell off for profit and buy back in when the rug is pulled
take some profits home to the bank buddy
NVIDIA growth is based on its income . Easy to buy and retain . But asts ? They are in huge losses lol . I am an investor , not a gambler .
next week : F \ * CK yall i lost all my money by buying this stupid stock
Holding only Nvidia ?
Welcome back brother
Make sure you make another post when nvda drops
what apps that ?
💪
How did you get share at $ 19 ?
😂 the memoirs of a gambler
I love the ad for someone with a 10k portfolio , they are advertising a 50m margin account … at only 5.7 %
Okay now how do I do that
pussy
Congrats lol . Now use margin to buy NVDL and get 4x the profit . That will compound many times faster
youll be mad when it goes back down again
I remember you . Congratulations .
All fun and games before the real collapse comes
nice , asts , nvda are the kings here . Only buy and hold monopoly , champion stock . No rivalry , no competition ! ! !
[ removed ]
dont sell even if you die
Ah yes . I too remember when I invested $ 6000 10 years ago .
Been sitting on 559 shares of Black Berry since it's May upswing . Lost some $ 800 + since . Sold all that and reinvested in NVDA to get back what I lost and maybe some more ?
You shoulda ported your account into nvda calls g . You'll learn for next time youngster
asts is the 2nd Nvida . Should buy asap before it reaches $ 1xx / share
Nvidia is the definition of greed and corruption . Big downturn coming soon . Get out Nvidia will not last . This jump is the out for institutions prior to election . They will be moving to oil etc in the next couple of months . Please people move to safer plays .
Thought the same thing like wow my phone app and me diddling just made money . It wasn ’ t till I started losing 10-20 k that I realized there ’ s a lot more to long term trading . Little bit at a time , focus on the in between and even then you can still lose . A lot of it is luck and being at the right place at the right time . But also experience and tolerance translate into how you handle risk .
Lol
Now I understand how politicians logic works .
I learned this with GME in 2021 lol
So true ! !
Except that I bought 900 shares a while ago at $ 5.55 . When it jumped to $ 8 , I sold 700 shares thinking “ that ’ s a good gain ” . 😒 Kept 200 shares as “ just in case ” only to watch it go up and up and up . Granted , there ’ s a bit of up and down on it too . But agree , I don ’ t think it keeps the 50 % gain for long . It is quite volatile . I bought Puts for now . But still holding the 200 shares . Not going in for more . I ’ d just keep and eye on it .
Sold 1000 of my asts shares and bought myself a leveling kit for my truck . YOLO .
Future profits are gonna be big though man
No , you lost all of your money because you listen to dumb people and sold it !
😆
After next week : I shouldn ’ t listen to stupid dumb people from Reddit sub to buy stock . ChatGPT , should I buy it today ?
No , I got like 20 stocks . My top three in my portfolio are asts , nvda , and tsm .
Will do
Robinhood .
Costed a couple blow jobs
Insider information
OP : The Confession of an unprofessional gambler
Never said I was good at this shit lmao . Just lucky I bought the dip . Still hasn ’ t crossed the ath .
Dawg , whT does that mean
Never look at Wall Street bets . Simple as that .
[ removed ]
When ’ s that
I ’ m hoping
This post was deemed uncivil
I ’ m thinking about leaving it for my children ’ s college fund someday when I have them .
sure , asts then . go away bear
You got puts don ’ t you 🤔
wish i could downvote this 1000 times
Do you see it recovering after a next downturn ? Also why do you believe that oil will be the next move ?
🤡
Ok boomer .
Something that I only really learned recently at 35 … figure out your definite goals , make yourself some rules , and then do your absolute best to adhere to them . It has helped me tremendously
Nice hedge
Sold 50 shares when it hit 30 $ / share . Happy to take home some profit for once . I agree man . Its all hype right now . I ’ ll buy some more shares if and when the launches go successfully . There ’ s gotta be a correction on the horizon . It should not be 30 $ per share . Best of luck man !
What date ? I bought mid-sept calls in anticipation of launch date announcement / successful launch .
FUCK YEAHHH that ’ s how you take profits home
Why ? Can you write an elaborated and fact based paragraph that made you come to that conclusion ?
Take your profits on that one whenever you can . Don ’ t allow yourself to hold bags on a company with so many ?
If you didn ’ t understand it ’ s for the best . Enjoy the gains and keep up the good work !
If I knew I'd be rich bruv
No im 100 percent tied up right now . I did call the dip from 130 to 90 a couple days before if you follow my comments . I've been following AI , Nvidia , Meta , very very closely since 2012 . I bid projects for Meta , etc . I'm familiar with construction of data centers etc . Not to limit myself but that is the only thing i can talk about . Nvidia and tech right now is very concerning for me . I don't want to see America hurt esp my fellow retail investors . But all i know out of your mind and just look at the situation with China and Taiwan . People are crazy for playing this one esp if we have a Democrat election . They will allow China to raid tiawan . Bet . Please consider buy some dips or oil stocks within the next few weeks . No lie i can get into trouble for saying all this . I know its nothing earth shattering but i shouldnt talk at all .
10,000 *
But you can't so pulm out pr lose your money
No . I underestimated the strength of the steal .
Good song
I bought in mid May for $ 5.55 . Actually sold some more at $ 36 . It ’ s currently at $ 32ish .
Thanks for the advice brother
Not my job to convince you . I did my own research and came to my conclusion . If you have a different view I don ’ t give a fuck . You ’ re loss or you ’ re win on not investing in asts . Won ’ t know for a long while .
Sold half my shares when it jumped from 20 to 30 . There ’ s gotta be a correction on the horizon . Way too volatile no matter how good the company is . Earnings is shit too .
Will do brotha
lol
Getcho bruv ass outta here . We speak American !
If China raids Taiwan we ’ ll have bigger things to worry about . And I truly doubt China ’ s even stupid enough to go through with it , and even they know that .
I mean we'd love to buy too if we can understand why that is . Convincing more people to buy shares in a company you have shares in can only benefit you in the long run lol
Pretty sure all stocks in the works is loss or wins .
RemindMe ! 30 days
s /
Recent Headlines from the last week regarding China and Taiwan . Market news effects stock prices more than fundamentals in 2024 and you guys think Nvidia is a win . Taiwan , under the guns / Taiwanese chipmaker breaking ground in Europe due to China / Bejinig's spy agency destroyed large number of Taiwan intelligence networks / Why you can't mention Taiwan at the Olympics / China ready to " forcefully " stop Taiwan independence defense minitser / How China could quarantine Taiwan / These are just a few from the last week .
Wrong . Our military had been decimated . We would stand down . It will hardly effect anything besides markets . Us will not help Tiawan . Millienals fighting age males have been decimated and are too old . You think gen z is gonna fight ahaha that's good .
[ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNp4IYTuB34 ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=uNp4IYTuB34 ) Wake up you fools .
I will be messaging you in 30 days on [ * * 2024-09- 14 19:39 : 33 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-09-14%2019:39:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1eswwib/thank_you_guys/liagu2p/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1eswwib%2Fthank_you_guys%2Fliagu2p%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-09-14%2019%3A39%3A33%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201eswwib ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Ignore them . It's just a bunch of youngsters that want to get rich quick because they missed out on GME , that's what I think atleast . If you invest in NVDA or any other serious company you should be in for atleast 5 years . That's what investing is , wtf is short term investing anyway ? If you're not a daytrader then hold it and forget about it . It's really that easy .
It split a few times and the stock was cheap people literally looked at Intel and said that looks good , meanwhile the same people that are on TV telling you it is expensive and it is crashing are buying up the 120-130 calls hoping to push people out of their positions . The only way I consider cashing out is if Jensen Huang leaves - He has lead NVDA to be the leader time after time . People who bought at 130 and think buying more at 100 isn't a great deal aren't looking at anything but their own greed thinking it was going to 200 , I really do hope they suffer and sell because I have dealt with every up and down and been rewarded . I hope nvda hits 80 net week I want to buy more . I know it is good because they are coming out with the news just like they did with apple before earnings and it flew higher .
Hell yeah brother !
Excellent post with excellent advice . This is the truth .
I do concur and I have been in since 2015 and detaching your emotions from your wallet is no simple task . This last megadrop almost got me … That is until I dug deeper not believing the media that the A / I FAD had faded and time to take profits . I have a significant number of shares where a penny = $ 1.00 . Being down a hundred grand is most uncomfortable I have ever been . Quantum Computing is A / I 2.0 ! First stage , buildout , create a company specific database and the data will go from useless to the most valuable asset you have . This stage is still very stong but Nvidia is already “ surprise ” ahead of the competition with the power that will shrink the workforce by 80 % in a few years . Its already begun as you see 10,000 laid off from the companies that embraces the A / I revolution to do more with so much less . Quantum Computing developments are sure to be mentioned during the earnings call . This is the reason why I never lost faith in Jensen and Nvidia . They spend the most on R & D which is THE reason why they own the tech market . There is never going to be a company that has foreseen the direction of innovation more than Jensen , I knew that if any bumps will be assuaged by the next product that is sure to be a big ticket high margin so earnings will not dip , they will accelerate exponentially ! No matter what Dont sell , as BTO sings “ You ain't seen nothing yet ” 🌒 next stop
My man ! ! I've been telling em it's TIME IN THE MARKET ! NOT TIMING THE MARKET !
Well said
I read more of these posts than anything . Hey guys my grandpa bought Nividia after being roommates with Jensen . He has since passed and never realized any gains . I hope to do the same with my lineage . I ’ m working now to setup my great great grandchild . It ’ s my hope that he spends it wisely in 3-6 months .
I like these ppl because it allows a lighter and steeper incline when the time comes
As someone who panic sold during covid , I second this . Dont overcomplicate investing , just invest in things u truly understand and believe and as long as their fundamentals are strong / doesnt change , just hold . Time is on your side :)
I currently have 9400 shares of Nvidia and I am not worried at all . I have been buying the dip and I am looking forward to retirement in 3 years . You have to have a plan and stick to it .
Great post ! In since 2019 + 2021
to be fair y ou don't have to read them . i don't , i look at a few and yes they are the same theme and all that but just ignore that shit and use your time for more productive stuff
Agreed . I did lessen my position in SMH , but bought more of VOO . Ride the 🌊 wave
I highly appreciate the pep talk ! 🫶🏼 But it also seems like you have never actually had your initial investment down , so you have never felt any real fear at all . Crybabies that are down on their gains are just that , cry babies . I myself , am down heavily on my original Investment and I still haven ’ t cried on Reddit yet , but it sure is stressing me out . But I ’ m holding . I invested in the fundamentals of NVDA . Although late to the party . The only thing for me is that I A ) have seemed to put in a little too much of my savings ( FOMO ) and B ) I sold 100K at 128 in hope of buying back lower , then it traded sideways for a week and I thought “ ok , so this is the new bottom support level then ” and bought back in and ever since it has plummeted . That is my most sour bullet to swallow since using that 100K buying back now around 100 would have solved all my worries and made me a chunk of money and put me in the money average wise . And no more money to buy the discount price now . Well well . 💎
I drink their tears and can only hope to amplify their fears to make their sense of relief that much more palpable when the stock goes back up . After all , the bigger the drop , the better the eventual story !
So sell ?
Nah , just buy bitcoin .
Well said
Any other good pics saying you picked this in 2016
This explanation reminds me of all the recent “ real estate investors ” . There are the ones over the last couple years and the ones that have seen the ups and down of the market . They bought property high that didn ’ t cash flow and are now wishing they knew something about investing .
Here here ! Honestly I am starting to think this sub is kind of useless if you are a buy and hold investors . Dollar cost average into it and then sit . Don't invest in NVDA ( or any equity really ) if you want a 6 month rally unless you really know your shit ( ... and even ppl who thinks hey know their shit often . Are full of it ) .
Nothing is guaranteed , other than it will go up or down , but yes
Amen 🙏
I may not know stocks but I definitely know Nvidia . People love to buy the green guys 🤷🏼‍♂ ️
When you bought in 2016 was it on a dip or when it was strong ? Do you think it doesn ’ t matter whether the entry is on dip or strength ?
$ 1.65 in ' 16 ? Your gains must be beautiful ... 🥹
Great post . Thanks 🙏🏽 sir .
I'm tired of old dudes flexing when they bought in , no one cares
I think you are mixing investors with traders . Nothing to do with new comers .
I get annoyed by flex posts like these .
Being a long term holder doesn't make one more virtuous . You don't marry stocks , you date them .
Great PSA , but it won ’ t change a thing , sadly .
I bought a little higher than I would have liked . I didn't receive a large enough lump sum to be investing until this year , I also was not convinced until this year - that AI was going to be as big and important as I believe it will be now , based upon me looking at fundamentals . I bought NVDIA graphics cards - probably before they went public . I found them to be a good reliable product . I made my decisions on the fundamentals of the company and the fundamentals of this segment of the tech industry . I have sleepless nights - probably wouldn't have so many if I would have made my decision a lot earlier , but you know I don't like seeing a red screen so 2ho knows ... I am long NVDIA until is see the fundamentals change - or at least until my doctor changes my meds ...
Well said . Most of the people you are talking to , won ’ t listen . They will answer with a snarky response . Truth is , those are the ones that need to be listening . Hold , long term .
How did you decide you wanted to buy in 2016 . What is your exit strategy and how did you come up with one ?
Dude is on point .
I hear yoga is good for relaxing . You might try it .
$ 1.25 adjusted cost basis is nice , but the important question is how many shares do you own ? If you tell me you own 10 shares or 100 shares , then what does it matter that you have a low cost basis ? Now on the other hand , if you're telling me you own 100k shares or 1M shares or more , then I would be quite impressed ! More details required dude ! And a screen shot of your Nvidia holdings would likely be the best way to put everything into perspective ! Thanks dude .
Lol yeah bought at under 2 dollars and telling everyone to hold sure
Out of curiosity , what do you find is the proper valuation of this company , where all its potential is accurately priced in ?
[ deleted ]
Yawn 🥱 does being “ around ” since 2016 make OP special or something ? Does that give him the power to criticize others people who he can totally relate in investing at $ 1.25 a share compared to some that got in at $ 140 a share ? News FLASH OP , you don ’ t have to read anyones post much less the ones bout fear and panic . You could simple close the reddit app and go read a book , walk your dog or goldfish or whatever the fuck . You certainly don ’ t need to start ANOTHER post of many that ’ s bitching about all the posts bitching about the stock price … Perhaps a lot of folks don ’ t have a therapist or can ’ t afford one but need to talk to someone bout their feels . Why do you care ? If you want to be useful or provide some positivity vs another shit post . Go find an article and post it on the sub explaining how NVDA gonna kick ass over the next year vs I ’ M TIRED , STAY CALM , EAT MOR CHIKIN NOT BEEF posts .
Moon needs to be banned
10 years from now is a long time for technology companies - think of Intel , Hewlett Packard , Cisco etc . In 10 years pretty much all the data centers needed for AI will be built - which is where NVDIA is currently sweeping up the cash . Companies like Apple and Microsoft are rare they adapt and change and are far from what their founders first built . NVDIA management is innovative , quality oriented and forward thinking . All that being said 10 years is too long of a perspective - think 2-5 years and the future is clear that massive growth is there . However , soon AI companies need to start showing value and profit in their use - think PLTR and how they are delivering value to end users .
bro tryna act like he smart
[ deleted ]
This is not called Nvidia Diamond Hands .
Daytraders don't hold shares
You should thank your Grandpa . After the singularity , your family will be inside the walled city .
🫡
This sub used to have interesting posts with good information . Now it's just noobs with 0 stock market experience posting dumb shit about how they are worried about their 3 shares . It's horrible .
Yeah , I just stopped reading them . I ’ m a long holder since 2011 but started using reddit recently . It had me looking at nvidia constantly throughout the day and second guessing my decisions . I almost deleted the app .
I ’ m a bit in the same boat , except at $ 118 . On the plus side a higher cost basis will be slightly better in the future tax-wise . I ’ ve also realized this is not a stock you trade . It ’ s for the long haul . I really hope they blow earnings out of the water . At least then I can stress about my gains going up / down and not so much my initial investment . Also 💎 🤚
NVDA IS GOING TO 30 They should just sell now . People talked over 4th of July about their great NVDA investments and people jumped on a stock that was 1200 bucks they see that number they think it should be there regardless of the split the brain does not process it for some reason . When they stop buying calls I might listen to the negative talk , but they are still buying the calls like crazy they know something , just like they did with apple .
That's like the worst thing you can do lmfao ! ! ! You maybe got the chance at 30-50 % gains over the next couple years , but a far higher chance you'll see - 50 to - 90 % gains instead .
they indeed make me smile every time , even being down ~ $ 150k from the peak 😄
Yeah , why didn ’ t they tell the rest of us ?
I ’ m long 4,300 Shares , split between my personal and IRA
He gambled his way to get that price because I got it at 20.00 in 2015 . The Stress has put me in the hospital a couple of times . This one stock put 3 kids through college , prep school and I am still very heavy in Nvidia ! Quantum computing is the next stage and the cause of a ton of layoffs that we are hearing about everyday . Don't smoke weed during a crash … talk about stress and paranoia taking over ! Be Bold and simply Hold .
I am unable to predict the future . But having grown up through the late 90s , i saw lots of revolutionary technology created . I want as much exposure as i can to an investment that provides infrastructure for the next revolution , which is going to be MASSIVE .
You got it ... Not only is all the potential priced in , but way more enthusiasm is already priced in . That's when you know .. it's time to go SHORT ! ! !
😂
use references to support your false claims that you commented for karma farm
Invest in something you believe in , this is a speed bump , if you don ’ t think ai will be profitable in the coming years why ’ d you even invest . Have you not seen the fundamentals and the numbers this company pulls in ? Clearly not , you lost money buying this stock when you could ’ ve made money , by holding a little longer and researching realizing that it is a solid company with a very bright future . Just because you have paper hands don ’ t try to convince other people because your worried you were wrong .
This still isn't " late in the game " this just isn't super early . Where do you see NVDA in 10 years ?
To us it's predictable , not unpredictable . But if you don't have the vision then that makes sense , we have a picture in our heads for where the company is going and what the revenue and stock story will be . If you don't have that belief then this stock's price won't be understandable for you .
There hasn ’ t been anything unpredictable of this company . As a matter of fact they are the most predictable company in terms of earnings .
I know . But these new inexperienced investors are looking for quick gains instead of investing long term . It gives wanna-be daytrader vibes .
Gramps was never liquid enough to afford an Ai robot of his own but his net worth would ’ ve blown your wig off . His strategy was ( until now ) * thanks op … . a family secret . We always prayed the “ buy and hold ” strategy could stay within the family . Imagine how things are gonna change in the investment world . Hopefully , we don ’ t have any financial advisors lurking .
3 shares from selling their Xbox and thinking its GME all over again . the latest stock split really has been counterproductive .
50 % of probabilities are 100 % made up . Get educated on what bitcoin actually is . ( Store of value , monetary and payment system , etc . ) You will realize in this debt laden economy , currency devaluation and broken system , bitcoin is the best hedge . There's a reason why the smartest investors already have changed their mind about btc . [ Larry Fink , Jamie Dimon , etc . )
Welp it's been fun watching people trying to cope over the last few days .
Lmao
Bitcoins only a good investment if your already rich . For the average joe your just making millionaires and billionaire whales even richer .. the only chance for the average person to make a significant amount of money now is to wait for bitcoin to plummet again ( which it will ) so that they can get in at the bottom of the pump again ..
Oh the already rich changed there mind on so.ething that can only continue to make them rich at current prices . Shocker ! !
And how much of there portfolio do you think makes up butcoin ? Probably only a few percent ...
Are you saying that options are manipulated in such a way that entities that issue them can make it happen so that most options expire without reaching their target and make money every time doing this ?
nvda's stock split has made derivatives so much more rampant . people do this like draftkings now instead of a rational investor .
50 Trillion stock once the sex bots come out
I ’ ve taken a pretty simple “ wheel ” approach . Sell monthly CSPs at . 25 - . 30 delta , buy shares with the premium , sell CCs if I am assigned . Wash , rinse , repeat . CSPs expiring worthless is OK by me .
Shocking absolutely shocking I say
oh , so now we have Nostradamus here now ?
Invest and ignore it for a year or 2 . For a high-ish ( for a $ 3T stock ) PE ratio company investors are expecting much higher profits than they currently generate . That ’ s not going to change next week or the one after that Until those actual profits show up ( which I do think will happen ) all you ’ ll see is gambling led volatility both up and down .
your fingers will cramp before people get the message .
Wait , Wait , so you are saying next week a chance to pass 128 ?
Don ’ t you worry , the Casino will be open again in no time !
Since option ends 8/ 30 , can I assume on Tuesday the stock will go up ? Or there are more options beyond 8/ 30 , and I should more fall .
Then it ’ s sell off September
As a long-term , I stop caring if $ 150 doesn't reach this year . Let see next year w / Blackwell and further , further away w / Rubin . F \ * \ * k options . Own it .
I'm glad I bought long calls into September expecting earnings would make no sense but even now I'm certain they're not going to let the stock see $ 130 again until next quarter earnings just to wipe out the long calls into September and October .
I believe the market was manipulated . A lot of wealthy shareholders had the early knowledge to sell off , before the earnings … . hmmm
Every week someone talks about how the expiring options control the price . Fine , but this week was the 8/ 30 options . Well what about the 9/6 options next week ? And the 9/13 options the week after ? And the 9/20 options the week after ? And the 9/27 options the week after ? And the 10/4 options the week after ? And the 10/11 options the week after ? When does it stop , because , you know , options expire every week .
Should go up into Sept Opex . Weed out the small pple dumping first
TLDR .
Good thing I chose to have my options expire later
Disclaimer : I am holding NVDA average purchase price $ 105 ( no options position ) . A stock growing at the same rate as the broader market or GDP ( ie its terminal value ) is worth about 5x earnings ( I ’ ll add book value in as well ) . Tesla is one of those companies $ 32 . It ’ s great rise to fame we ’ re in its 70 % year on year earnings growth expectations , which is currently dead - doesn ’ t mean it won ’ t improve for the holders , but until things change it ’ s $ 32 ; $ 214 is a speculation that the good times will return . NVDA terminal value is about $ 15 ; however , its earnings growth is not 2 % but about 50 % , which makes a huge difference to share price expectations $ 270 ( ? ) with a fair wind ( and certainly back to ATH of $ 140 before end of the year ) . Nothing in the ER changed that outlook . So holding NVDA at $ 120 “ now ” makes more sense than holding TSLA “ now ” at $ 214 .
So is this saying that now the options have expired , they will allow the stock price to rise above $ 120 ?
I sold many covered all options for 8/ 30 $ 140 that expired OTM . But I made a nice premium 😃
In my opinion , earnings of highly liquid companies will always be manipulated by big money . I ’ ve learned to stay far away from earnings and play general trends / momentum . I still think there are ways to make money consistently with options , but you have to learn how to do it over time .
Options are for short-term speculators , shares are for people who understand the business model and believe in it long-term . Holding since 2021 @ avg . $ 31.50 . The events of the last few days change nothing for me , it's a great stock and patience will reward the long-term people like myself . Edit : downvote away . The truth hurts sometimes . And this strategy has made me a shitton of money .
I still think it was less nefarious than what is being implied here . The markets are driven by sentiment , and the stock didn't beat by a ridiculous amount , so the market got scared . Good , let them panic sell their shares . I'll buy them at a discount . Short term is a fools game . Timing the market requires too much luck . Buy and hold . And in a few years , you will be glad you did .
2 weeks ago I sold 20 x Aug 30 120C when the stock was hovering $ 115 and bought them back at open yesterday as I felt it was my only chance to hold onto my shares for the stock to close at $ 119 today . I literally made the perfect bet , should have just yolo ’ d .
You can sell options as well and become “ big money ”
Writing at 120 paid well .
So you bought calls expiring in a week after yet another 25 % gain and blame “ big money ” … Bc at the beginning of August it was at 98 , two weeks in 130 today 115
Good thing i sell options
If this is true why did we not see change in ext hours ?
Eh , sold calls instead . Worked out
If you want to make money on options and own the stock , sell covered calls . You get paid a premium , own the stock . Worse case the stock gets called away but you get paid for the stock plus your premium and you can always buy back in when it drops
Idk man . Look at gross margins and if competition starts to gain any steam , this might be a long ride around this price and the $ 100 price . The problem is I think people say it but they don ’ t really want to long hold this stock . They want to gain crazy profit and sell . You see it from the posts daily of people losing their minds over slight variances in price . The majority of people who memed and fomo ’ ed onto this stock don ’ t have the patience to wait it out . They ’ ll be gone in a year or two . And tbh the price might be within 20 $ of current price in a year or two . But I believe in the fundamentals LONG term .
There are still many calls left out there . I personally sold 2 NVDL calls a few weeks ago that expire on 9/6 . However , the strike price is $ 80 . which I doubt it will reach . In addition , there are still billions in other contracts going into the next few weeks . But most of the damage was for those which expired yesterday . Let's hope the stock goes up now .
yup it makes total sense ! So you made a bunch of money , right ? ! No , what you're talking about is max pain . and sometimes it plays out that way , sometimes it doesn't . Just like everything else it's confirmation bias .
The market makers … make the market
Please post this in the Reddit Wall Street bets channel
Don ’ t get so comfortable - we still have Sept opex to contend with .
I got your back . I sold some SEP 13 $ 124 calls .
It couldn't go through above 130 lately . What's wrong with that
I'm bullish on Nvidia , but this is def some gamestop level copium
So everyone should stop buying more calls for September ?
Nope will fall for this next few weeks . 100-110
Wow what a bunch of suckers . I have a movie projected to make 15 Million . Need 1-2 Million . Have full business plan , timelines , and comparison films and a track record . Partnerships with NCM , AMC and Regal and international and domestic sales on my last film . These same morons on here tell me no lol
The options spread like your botox .
Nvidia ’ s growth story is over . It is just another long term cyclical growth stock now . Big money is moving to new growth stocks . Nvidia will be around 115-125 for a year , probably bump up 5 points per year , for the purpose of staying in-line with its PE . 45 % of its revenue comes from most of the fab 7 . In a few years they will need to pivot hard to keep their revenue consistent .
Tonight exactly looked like it ..
Yes , forex 100 percent manipulated , options about 50 percent , stock much harder but small percentage !
It ’ s called the trillion dollar equation . It ’ s how they know the premium to charge . Lower premium less chance of being in the money . Higher premium higher chance of being in the money . Then they sell shares to lower the price or buy shares to raise it based on the max amount of options they need to cook . Either way they make money . You make money on a stroke of luck . This is why I don ’ t understand why people play options . Yes , I ’ ve seen the returns , but the deck is stacked against you by huge firms with masses of shares and piles of cash . Nobel prize winning mathematicians ordained your higher chance of losing years ago . Now they ’ ve got computer assisted trading and machine learning extrapolating the odds even more in their favor .
Shhh . They think we don't know
Yes . Just like gambling spreads on sports games are set for a high probability of the score falling within the spread . Option writers generally are the ones who make the money while option buyers are left holding valueless bags .
It ’ s the equivalent of saying “ there ’ s a cure for cancer , big pharma just won ’ t let it come out ” . It ’ s pissed off people looking for an excuse on why they missed . I lost $ 10,000 on the Aug . 30th $ 130c . I took a gamble , it didn ’ t pay off . It represents 1/40 th of my entire long $ NVDA position and less than 1/400 th of my personal net worth . People betting 25-40 % of their networth on a single gamble want something to blame it on when it goes bad . They want all the credit of being a genius when it goes right . Shit might as well be a football game and blaming the refs .
No I'm saying moving into earnings they * converged * around there through normal market behavior
It's the new TSLA
🎯
It is now a meme stock that will not live up to the hype .
Is there a place I can preorder ?
And that's the wheel
It's that easy !
No I don't suspect we go that high in September . But October quite likely and pretty certain November we'll be back in the high 120s at least . Not financial advice .
I think October would have been the safer play . I think this will trade sideways all through September
Sold my 8/ 30 calls at + 80 % back when they were up because 80 % is an insane return . Actually missed out at 105 % , but still happy . Then I bought in more calls expiring December this year to ride out the earnings hype cycle ( nvidia practically a meme stock at this point ) . I'm treating options like they are - discounted stock - and not like people here want them to be - lottery tickets .
You're certain ?
I believe the market was manipulated when the stock rose 1000 % in 2 years
… or just the smarts to cash out before potential volatility ? especially if they had been holding for anything higher than a couple of months lol
Different expiration dates have smaller / higher stakes , the larger the gamble , the more money is going to chase stealing the pot of money . The stock market is investing , until it ’ s a poker game . As many people have said , holding a growth stock for 10 years = investing , anything else = gambling
Yea it ’ s called gamma duh …
It doesn't stop , It works until it dont . You leverage your stocks with options . It's all a money game , learn it or stay a sheep to the Wolf's of wallstreet .
You haven ’ t made anything until you sell bruh
This . Also , to be honest my feeling is that $ 120 is probably a pretty fair median price for this stock right now .
This \ ^ There are no " shake outs " of calls / puts . This isn't how the market works . The market is GLOBALLY traded .
long weekend
Yeah there are a number for 9/6 , but nowhere as many as 8/ 30 . But price might still go sideways for another week .
Believe what you want and I am the last person to conspire such things . I don't think this happens very often because they are more spread out and things just average out . But this so much money on the line here concentrated on a specific date . One has to wonder ... as in all things follow the money .
Stop buying calls in general . Play stupid games , win stupid prizes ! ! !
Isn't it keeping a stock at one level to kill options , stock manipulation ? Let's be real . With enough volume and mutual strategy between the big boys , everything is 100 % manipulated .
You know you can sell puts and calls yourself if you want ? It isn't a closed system for just market makers .
Perfectly summarized , basically options are a casino , where odds are stacked against you .
If the odds are stacked against you , learn to read the premiums for free predictions
I would agree with except that the fuckery here is priced to perfection , if you look at the max pain calculators out there , the most efficient price to close at today for the people that write the options was $ 119 . And where did it end up ? 119.25 . https://maximum-pain.com/options/nvda That is some really coincidental math right there … .
> I lost $ 10,000 on the Aug . 30th $ 130c . I've had a question about options . Maybe you can enlighten me a bit . As I understand it someone who owns shares can make a contact with someone else to buy shares at or before a certain time for a certain price . They collect a fee for providing the option and it's usually not a lot of money . Let's say for arguments sake it's $ 3 so a 100 share contract would cost $ 300 . The owner of the shares keeps that money regardless of what happens . If the contract is fulfilled then he gives up his 100 shares if not he keeps them . I'm guessing that the money the buyer of the contract can make is the difference between the price when it was opened until it is closed . If the price isn't met the contract expires worthless . I may or may not be accurate with that ... So my question is . You lost $ 10k . Did you have $ 10k worth of contracts which would have given you control over a large amount of shares or are you paying for the loss somehow ? Is there a penalty above the price of the contact that you are liable for ? Perhaps that same difference in price that you stood to gain ? If that's true where does that money go ?
People got greedy , thinking their calls were a one-way lotto ticket to being rich . What boggles my mind some people were actually up the day of earnings . Like at least hedge or lock in some gains by taking profit on some contracts and / or reduce risk by selling to open short the next higher strike .
This . People are unhappy because they put everything into one stock without knowing about the stock market in general . I know more people who have 100 % NVDA as opposed to people who diversify and heavilly invest in ETFs and index funds . Guess who always wins . The people who didn ’ t put 100 % into a single stock . That ’ s insane .
God I hate and love our planet . Such bliss and chaos .
God damn you ’ re like one of the ONLY other level headed “ options gamblers ” I ’ ve seen on here lol . I gambled with one call that expires 9/13 for $ 130 . I ’ m probably burnt , but I knew it was a big gamble and that ’ s why I literally bought one contract lol . It ’ s really sad seeing people who thought they found free money and put everything into it
This belief that stock prices are moved almost on demand by Market Makers or Big Money always irritates me . A multi trillion dollar market cap is not being manipulated .
Their volatility is really about the same . Actuall i think over the last couple of months nvda has been worse .
Bingo . Straight from u / ScottishTrader
What you think the stock will be by January 1st , if you had to guess .
What about elections ? Last time Trump won the market went down ? Maybe this time it will go up ? i mean the democrats are f .. up so much !
Yet no one claims manipulation when they are making money , 😆 .
thanks , i'm well aware of that . being up 270 % gives me the luxury of deciding when i sell . it would have to go down a long , long way before i lose anything . and as stated above , no interest in short-term profit , only the long-run .
How naive !
🫨
I start opening up those screens and I could accidentally misclick something .
Thank you for sharing this . I learned something new today .
3 Trillion market cap , and you think the big guys are manipulating the price . These are some pretty stupid big guys choosing a huge market cap stock to try to manipulate .
Have you ever considered you have causality reversed ? That options contracts are priced and sold so that Max Pain is the most likely result for the buyer , instead of market makers rigging it post hoc so that after the sale the market is forced to Max Pain from a position it wasn't in ?
I lost $ 10,000 on the Aug . 30th $ 130c . I ’ ve had a question about options . Maybe you can enlighten me a bit . As I understand it someone who owns shares can make a contact with someone else to buy shares at or before a certain time for a certain price . They collect a fee for providing the option and it ’ s usually not a lot of money . Let ’ s say for arguments sake it ’ s $ 3 so a 100 share contract would cost $ 300 . The owner of the shares keeps that money regardless of what happens . If the contract is fulfilled then he gives up his 100 shares if not he keeps them . — — — Yes , this is referred to as a “ covered call ” where the seller of the contract ( sometimes called the “ writer ” ) owns the shares they are writing an options contract for . When a writer doesn ’ t own the share they are writing the option for , this is called “ naked ” . — — — I ’ m guessing that the money the buyer of the contract can make is the difference between the price when it was opened until it is closed . If the price isn ’ t met the contract expires worthless . — — — - correct . This is referred to as “ premium ” . — — — I may or may not be accurate with that ... — — everything was correct — — - So my question is . You lost $ 10k . Did you have $ 10k worth of contracts which would have given you control over a large amount of shares — — - yes . I bought 20 contracts for $ 5 . A contract represents 100 shares . $ 5 x 100 x 20 = $ 10,000 . I had control over 2000 shares of $ NVDA with the right to buy them for $ 130 a share , irrespective of their price , and I paid $ 10,000 to do so — — — or are you paying for the loss somehow ? — — — - my break even point was $ 135 a share . My option $ 130 plus my premium of $ 5 . If the stock closed below $ 135 , I lost my premium paid ( $ 10,000 ) . If the stock was above $ 135 , I effectively made $ 2,000 dollars for every dollar it was above . — — — Is there a penalty above the price of the contact that you are liable for ? — — — - the entirety of MY loss is limited to the premium I paid — — — Perhaps that same difference in price that you stood to gain ? — — — you lost me here brother — — — If that ’ s true where does that money go ? — — - since I ’ m lost , I ’ ll answer with Neverland — — -
Not OP , and i would suggest anyone asking such questions read a lot more before ever playing with options .. but ... Options are fairly simple . Its a contract to buy ( call ) or sell ( put ) a number of shares ( usually 1 contract controls 100 shares ) at a specific price ( strike ) on or before a specific date ( the most common type , north american contracts are on or before ) . As an aside , options do not infer voting rights , nor dividends . Your maximum risk differs for a call vs a put , and if you are long or short . If you are long a contract , you have bought the rights to buy ( call ) someone else's shares , or put ( sell ) shares to someone else . Your risk is always limited to the premium you paid for that contract . You can choose to exercise that contract on any date on or before the expiration ( north american contact ) . Example : You buy 1 call contract with a $ 10 / share premium and a strike of $ 100 and expiration of date D . You pay 10 * 100 = $ 1000 today for the contract , you are only ever risking $ 1000 . You can sell it at any point up to the expiration for whatever the contract is currently trading at . Or you can choose to exercise it or or before some date in which case you need to pay another 100 * 100 = $ 10000 and you are delivered 100 shares of XYZ . Your total price was 11,000 , so its exactly the same as just buying each share for 110 ( + trade fees , per contract fees , and exercise fee ) . Or you can do nothing , and on date D + 1 the contract expires worthless , all rights and obligations expire , and you have only lost the original $ 1000 you paid . If you are the writer of the contract , or are short a contract . You have entered into a contract to either sell someone your shares ( short call ) , or the obligation to buy shares from someone else ( short put ) upon demand if the contract it exercised . If you sell short 1 put of XYZ at a premium of $ 10 / share , and a strike of $ 100 . You will collect 10 * 100 = $ 1000 . At any point on or before the expiration you may have to pay another $ 10000 for 100 shares if the other party chooses to exercise their contract . Your maximum risk is $ 11,000 less whatever the shares are worth when you sell them . If instead you sell short 1 call of XYZ at a premium of $ 10 / share and a strike of $ 100 . You again collect $ 1000 . But your risk may be infinite . If you own shares , you have written a covered call , and your risk is whatever you paid for the shares - $ 1000 - $ 10000 ( and don't forget the lost opportunity cost of being forced to sell below market , the lost opportunity cost is potentially infinite but you don't pay it with dollars ) . If instead you do not have 100 shares , if you have written a naked short call , your real losses are potentially infinite . You will be forced to go to the market and buy 100 shares for whatever they cost , then deliver those shares for $ 10000 . Practically speaking you don't need to go buy 100 shares instantly ( tho your broker may force you to do so ) , you will be short 100 shares , but the risk is infinite until you buy shares to close out the short . Whenever you do buy shares , again you losses are whatever you paid for the shares - $ 11000 . When someone chooses to exercise a contract , a random person who is short a contract is assigned the exercise , and they must in very little time fulfill the obligations . If you are short a contract , there is always a risk that you many be assigned at any time ; and you must be ready for that Also , not tax advice , but tax consequences also different if you are long vs short , they can also different for calls or puts . For example in the US closing a long call or put position can be short or long term capital gains when you close it depending on how long you have owned it . Closing a short call / put position is always short term capital gains no matter how long you have owned it . If you choose to exercise a call , that is not a taxable event . If you choose to exercise a put , that is a taxable event . If you are assigned on a short call that is a taxable event . If you are assigned on a short put , that is not a taxable event . - - - So with that , how did they lose 10k . They could have bought a contract for $ 10000 + X and sold it for X , or they could have bought a contract ( s ) for $ 10000 and it expired worthless . Or they could have sold short and had to close at a loss of 10000 , etc .
The day I finally felt free was the day I fully realized it ’ s all made up and the points don ’ t matter .
Yes . It is . Level 1 options trading shouldn ’ t be as easily approved as it often is . But then again , I ’ m a capitalist , so I guess it should .
It actually is tho . Max pain is reached WAY too often to be coincidence .
It doesn't take a trillion or even billions to move the price . Daily traded volume is about 350 million shares . Most shares are not in circulation or the supply demand curve and thus irrelevant in dictating the price in a given day or short term . To give an extreme example , if only 1 share is traded , and the buyer and seller settled at $ 100 , that's the price .
If someone had a big enough wiener to materially move a multi trillion dollar market cap , then capitalism would have failed and we would have moved to oligarchy . $ NVDA announced a $ 50b dollar buy back and the stock went fucking down . It ’ s ridiculous to think the stock is being manipulated by institutional investors if $ 50b can ’ t fucking move it up .
Tree fiddy
150
Human like to be in control , in this country , elections are manipulated , the stock market is manipulated to an extent while they can .. is hard but not impossible !
Yeah lets believe pelosi is really good at predicting the market !
Sounds good ! I was in the same position , finally sold my MSFT shares after being up 900 % over 10 years ; spread the love into diversified investments , too much in a single stock is a bad idea . Enjoying my actual gains now . Best to you !
I mean , look it up ... There are literally BILLIONS of transmissions DAILY between all of the stock exchanges . the US500 ( S & P500 ) is traded on . NVDA weighs heavily on the S & P , roughly 6.63 % .
Are you seriously trying to make the argument that all the options contracts made prior to the earnings call geared the options market to a target price of $ 119 ? The stock was trading in a range of $ 100 - $ 130 for the past month when most of those options were probably bought / sold , post earnings it was trading in the range of $ 115 - $ 125 . The fact that it landed right in the keyhole of $ 119 is hard to stomach as a coincidence … .
> Perhaps that same difference in price that you stood to gain ? > — — — you lost me here brother — — — > If that ’ s true where does that money go ? > — — - since I ’ m lost , I ’ ll answer with Neverland — — - Yup , that's where I was driving off into the weeds . Thanks for the detailed answer . > — — — - my break even point was $ 135 a share . My option $ 130 plus my premium of $ 5 . If the stock closed below $ 135 , I lost my premium paid ( $ 10,000 ) . If the stock was above $ 135 , I effectively made $ 2,000 dollars for every dollar it was above . — — — I was off with my understanding on that . I thought it was a difference between the price when it was agreed to which meant that the seller would stand to lose the difference that you would gain . Now it looks like selling the option is basically risk free since it executes at the price of $ 130 where you would take over . If the price rose from there you would regain your cost when it got to $ 135 . Anything more would be your profit . So to make that deal do you have to have $ 260k on hand in your account to complete the transaction ? I'm assuming that's a yes . Sounds like selling calls can be a money maker . Especially if you manage to get buyers that bite on contracts that are just out of reach . You keep your shares and make a little cash for very little effort .
> If the stock was above $ 135 , I effectively made $ 2,000 dollars for every dollar it was above . — — — If NVDA got to $ 140 , you would have made $ 8,000 . Right ?
I feel like , there should be some kind of built-in legal limit for both options AND margin until your account has been open and active for a certain amount of time . I ’ m cool with people having access to these things , I just think some basic modern regulation is overdue after things like GME , AMC and even Nvidia as of late , but also I ’ m far less of a capitalist ( at least the late stage version we are currently in lol ) .
Then open iron condors around max pain every week . Sure win right ? More often than not ? Use the profits to buy more NVDA shares .
This just indicates that options are priced correctly , which is what you would expect in a highly-liquid market .
they didnt do the buy back yet
In reality you only need like 500M to materially move the stock for a short period , probably even less in the after market . And most of the selling during that period was likely in the money trades from the people that sold aftermarket . So not only did they make money selling shares they cleared out any potential losses from the options contracts . Win-win for them , lose-lose for all us gamblers . To put this into perspective , if we won here , it would be life changing , when they won , it ’ s just a good month for them .
Yes agree , thanks . It ’ s about 30 % of my portfolio now . I am retired so generally more conservative . However just can ’ t bring myself to sell , it ’ s the only individual stock I own , ditched all the others for index funds .
You have so many people banking the stock was going to up , and everyone one was in panic .. all you needed was to push the market down a little bit for everyone to run in panic !
Why Bill Gates short tesla ?
https://www.livemint.com/news/world/bill-gates-has-2-billion-short-position-against-tesla-claims-elon-musk-11653832522328.html
https://b2broker.com/news/what-is-forex-market-maker-manipulation-and-how-to-avoid-it/#:~:text=So%2C%20while%20many%20regulations%20are,their%20goals%20through%20market%20manipulation .
Good move ! I ’ m in ETFs 😊
I read the comment and read it in my head in the voice of Shania Twain . 🤣
We are saved
Thank god . Things almost went bad
Where could one acquire one of these brlt buckles ?
I only wear belts with my name or my company's name well that's also my name LoL
Awesome
love this ! !
I want one ! ! !
I feel so much better already !
You should have brought the lube
This didn't age well
Totally unnecessary lmao
I read it with her mouth saying the words .
I got you fam
Message me I'll send you the file
schitts creek ?
Bro up I'm $ 220,000
They beat . I'm stoked . Don't care about after hours .
I'll be right back , need a moment alone .
The lube is for me !
Good job and f ? ck you !
Yeah ... I have to stay off this Sub ! LOL ... people are so dramatic ! NVDA beat again and raised DESPITE Blackwell issues ... You still have the top customers saying they're going to keep buying as much as they can produce . If you're panicking because it's down a few bucks after hours , you are going to struggle in the market . This isn't like ' 22 ( which I held through ... somewhat regrettably , but I don't think I'd have bought back in for as many shares had I sold ) . This is a beat with guidance looking solid ( not great ) in Q3 and then Q4 an Fiscal ' 26 , 200B projected in revenue . That's a 5T market cap .
But you should care about after hours though
Because everyone made stupid call options for 130 +
Where is dieselcocks 8 paragraph long analysis
Because I decided to hold , if I would have sold it would be @ $ 140 right now .
Hot take , but I believe the real reason it ’ s down is because the forward guidance revenue for next quarter was not astronomically higher then analyst projections . The past couple quarters , the next quarters revenue estimate from analysts was pushed significantly higher by NVDA . And they usually even beat their own higher guided estimates . This time the next quarter projection was not much higher . 32.5 b vs . 31.7 b . This % difference is no where near the last couple of quarters upwards revisions , which were usually 5-10 % higher . Guidance is fundamentally all that matters . NVDA has huge expectations so the market is a bit spooked that expectations are slowing now , which could mean less growth , and since NVDA is priced to perfection , you get a sell off . Not a huge one , simply because they still beat this time , and by quite a lot ; but a modest 7 % sell off ( which is modest for a stock like NVDA that can randomly swing + - 20 % in a month )
Because beating isn't enough . Wall Street demands more of this stock .
Its because i bought some shares and by rule of “ the universe is against me ” , the price went down
waiting to see if we get a report that Nancy Pelosi sold NVDA
Cuz institutional investors have lots mo money than retail investors and manipulate the market . Chillax , short selling should be over in a couple days and then back to the stock climbing .
Because Wall Street knew a lot of people were playing call options and buying shares . I have shares at $ 125 , to be clear . However , watching the stock go from a rounding top and complete into an accumulation zone had me very worried . It was either going to massively break , or break down a little . It broke down because market makers and hedge funds love theta decaying people into losses , plain and simple . They were accumulating profit for awhile in preparation for this move down . They locked in profits and trading up to $ 128 - $ 130 knowing full well AI fomo is real and retail traders were wanting an explosive move . Expect a retrace while Wall Street continues to fuck retail through via theta decay on options and it ’ ll recover . They already used the algorithm to get to $ 90 and screw a bunch of people . Nobody should be surprised by this . With the Fed cutting rates , investments and borrowing will get cheaper for lots of companies which will be very good for NVIDIA . Hold for the long term and know that Wall Street has incredible power to manipulate stocks with algorithms .
To provide you with a buying opportunity .
Because retail always gets fuqed
Welcome to Earnings . First time here ?
Just Buy more at a reduced rate 👈🏻
Buy the dip
Temporary , it will be $ 140 in no time
Wish I had a large supply of cash . This company will continue to soar for a long , long time . Selling would be silly .
This is retail panicking . You think all the big institutions are all of a sudden bailing ? They are happy to take your money and your shares .
tree shaking
Thx for buying my covered calls
The buyback is what has me expecting good results for future of stock . It ’ s a hold for me while buying some more each week
It'll go up , can't go down on a beat combined with the buyback it would signal a market disconnect .
Im So sad , i dont have money to buy more
Because there are two issues . 1 . Expectations are too high . 2 . Future Growth expectations are too high .
This isn't the top for NVDA's growth , but the rate at which it is increasing is starting to simmer down . At least in the intermin . That could always change . The stock itself is entirely different discussion from how the company is performing . There's nothing wrong with NVDA
Because apparently it didn't do good * enough *
Welcome to the circus .
I don ’ t understand any of this … I ’ m just holding for Q2 2025
Because our savior hasn ’ t spoken yet . Be calm my friend
[ deleted ]
Because the current price priced in a much higher than expected earning . Simply beating concensus is not enough to support the stock price .
For this week , they will keep it down at any cost because of the Calls expiring on Friday . Then they gotta over , so buying Nov Calls tomorrow will probably be a big winner .
Looks like a solid buy to me ...
In my opinion , it is just correcting . I am not concerned about it but , I have nerves of steel . LOL
Market has the 24 hour news cycle mentality so it will be back up in a few weeks and don ’ t forget this will most likely receive analyst upgrades and an increased target price . Sweat not
Cuz Wall Street loves to fuck retail whenever they can .
Cause it was overbought
Didn't beat enough . 4 % revenue beat ? Cool . But compared to the same time last year ? + 20 % beat .
Because a bunch of dumb fucks thought it was a sure thing which good earnings were but price can do whatever and loaded on short term expiration options and the market is going to swallow all their money and then skyrocket after it ’ s collected it .
Open AI is launching new version of chat gpt in September … this will be a catalyst but not sure if it will soar to 150 … look for it around the third week of September
The rev is so strong and not even considering the Blackwell . This money printing machine is just not stopping . With this growth in rev and drop in price , it will only make the PE even more attractive lol
Easy . The stock market is pricing the future , not the present . Nvidia's growth is slowing down , so future expectations are revised down . That's the main explanation . Short term the market is irrational , and might react to a bunch of things , but long term it's a scale . So there might also be irrationallity right now , it will move towards true pricing eventually . It happens all the time at earning calls . Results are positive but stock is going and poorly informed investors ask that question without doing any research . By the way , that company and the whole S & P500 are grossly overvalued . Just to justify the current value of the s & p500 , AI would have to produce 40 % EPS . The invention of electricity brought 15 % , and computers + internet brought 20 % . So one day , the big players will stop riding the hype train and this thing is gonna self correct . Also , the market expects 1 trillion in AI investment while last year there were only 67 billions . The trillion in investment is not gonna happen , unless investment in AI grow by 260 % . We're far from that . And It's gonna take a longer time than what people think for AI to change the world and it might not be as profitable for the stock market as some people believe .
Not an insider so I can only make a guess : 1 - having earnings after market hours allows for low volume manipulation of underlying price . 2 - we're not in growth mode yet , but we will be . 3 - I would be most worried if the stock price of other companies rise while NVDA tanks . That's not the case here . 4 - as per no . 1 , those with the leverage are able to cover their shorts , hedges , short calls , take profit from puts , etc . before proceeding to buy ( edit : accumulate more ) actual shares . I think NVDA will surpass 150 in the next couple of days . edit : the buyback is bullish . Up to $ 50 - bln more is , in and of itself , not going to move the stock price significantly , but it gives insiders an incentive to perform and present well .
Because the algorithm is a dick .
It's not that big of a move . MM priced in a $ 13 + / - move so this is on the low end . AH doesn't necessarily reflect actual sentiment , but judging the utter panic from retail I wouldn't be surprised to see a little sell-off tomorrow until retail has taken their collective ball and went home .
So the buyback should be good news right ?
QoQ growth is slowing down . They guided for 8 % QoQ revenue growth . Profit margins will also slowly start to slow down . But the stock is priced to perfection . Market always prices a stock for future not the current quarter .
If you own stocks , you should buy more or hold as it will return to previous high
And it really has nothing to do with the options like people say . The otm calls would have no impact . Itm calls would actually push the price up if they were exercised by 530 . It's simply unrealistic expectations .
Since nvda did a stock buyback of $ 50b , that means it ’ s returning value to its investors causing outstanding shares to decrease but the value of bought shares to increase . Sounds like the dip is a buying opportunity for us and newbies .
Because fucking IV crush everything
Because the market sentiment is most of the growth is priced in for now . And the beat was priced in .
NVDA is trading like a penny stock . Get ready for sub $ 90
Where is Nancy , someone go find Nancy
Seems to be recovering a bit . rn it's already back at 120
expectations were higher , they basically said they're not justifying a new ATH with their numbers in a long time .
I do not understand most of you . Why are you all investing in single stocks if you don't understand this ? Those aren't the only consensus numbers , they aren't the only ' beats ' needed and the magnitude matters . The causes of margin contraction matter . The prices being charged to NVDA matter . Etc . Read the financial statements , pour through the statistics . It was clear that the stock was going down the second this came across .
Because idiot day traders made a bet that NVDA Q numbers would send this to the moon . The numbers WERE good . But not good enough to really boost the price , and the day traders pushed the panic button and sold - sending the stock down . People are idiots . Everyone trying to make a killing in a single day . No one wants to INVEST anymore .
Every one of u guys here was so certain they ’ d crush it , and now wondering why it was already priced in .
i got my wendy application hot and ready
Because it was priced in to gain even more The market thought they would hella outperform , they didnt
We need gpt 5 now ! ! !
The numbers are great for any ordinary company for sure . But NVIDIA is not ordinary , it needs to blow the expectations out of water .
Market probably wants absurd results to be satisfied . Hopefully once these results are digested , the stock will start going up steadily .
Gene Muster predicted an immediate pullback with the long-term story remaining super strong .
CNBCSPN gonna CNBCSPN
Bc . Idk . Lol
Is them buying back their stock a red flag ?
Nancy Pelosi getting reamed . She bought two 10k lots in July and august . Let ’ s see what she does now .
Let me guess . Its up 160 % in 9 months ytd … geez oh weez why no nvidia up more
You must be new 🆕
Ouch ! !
Should we keep or sell omg ? ?
Blackwell bumpy rollout
Price was already baked in ... sell the news
the whole market is down . if you have money , get ready to buy more
Expectations were a higher beat ( ~ 8 % imo ) . I read Nvidia would need to be growing revenue 40 % each quarter to justify their current price ( in a fair market ) . I bought nvd short etf , I'm happy 😁
I bought bull X5 , so that might be the reason why .
Buying back shares at a sky high valuation is a red flag
Guidance .
I get my best bargains in after hours and premarket . Does anyone else do the same ?
Because everyone thought they would continue to grow at mathematically unsustainable rates , and they did not ( albeit they are still growing and beating estimates ) . When you're reading at 50X forward earnings and are probably in the top 10 most volatile stocks in the world , shit like this happens . Cannot keep impressing forever . Still ac great company , just not at 50x forward pe .
Mm was not going to pay everyone
I used to be able to buy a call or put or two a couple weeks ago . I guess the implied volatility is through the roof , making them crazy expensive .
more selling than buying , reckon
Before earnings , buyers were willing to pay $ 128 for the stock . Now , they are not willing to pay as much after the earnings release .
Because it's up 30 % in 3 weeks ,
Sounds like a scam even the CEO doesn't say a word of technical specs on their professors or whatever new products coming out this makes me as an investor very uncomfortable why all the other companies are talking about thermodynamics and chip limitations and being realistic while the NVDA CEO just says we are more energy efficient then our competitors so you are using liquid cooling ? That takes shit load of more power so where is the extra cooling energy coming from ?
those were expected and many were hoping for a much larger beat like the old days . Wall St were thinking 32B at minimum would be needed to shoot up AH .
those were expected and many were hoping for a much larger beat like the old days . Wall St were thinking 32B at minimum would be needed to shoot up AH .
buying calls at open
Because the system is rigged like a few people ( banks ) setting up the casino so Main Street people keep giving their money .
Buy in rumor sell on news
Because it ’ s up 3000 % in 5 years
Because the market is controlled by algorithms
AAPL has been beating earning forever ... always dips after " beating " earnings ... and they aren't a one trick pony ...
First time ? If the company ’ s earning is doing very well but the stock price going down . That ’ s the time to buy . It will go back up after a short period . I have seen this pattern many times .
50 $ stock
Because It ’ s time for the big guys to take profit , since pandemic … stock have no relationship to their fundamental .
Because it ’ s due for corrections with its insane valuation
Entire market is down
their guidance was a little weak compared to what analysts predicted . still doesn't make sense at all
Growth is slowing which hurts a forward looking metric like stock price
Microsoft has around $ 76 billion in cash in the bank June 2024 . Meta $ 58 billion . Amazon $ 89 billion . Google $ 100 billion . Source : simple Google searches . Total of the largest companies looking to " do AI " = 76 + 58 + 89 + 100 = $ 323 billion . So now ... NVidia is valued as a company at $ 3.1 trillion , 10 times the total cash that could ever possibly be spent in their direction . This is simple and doesn't involve future cash flows , but counter that with the fact that these companies will not be spending every dollar on AI either .
Buy the dip
I just don ’ t get it . Cava was trading at a premium and had a mid earnings report and shot up , but NVDA does pretty much the same and they shoot down ? And guess which one I sold before thinking its gonna go down and I can buy back cheaper
Cause it already went tits up for the last 6 months
Because the hedgies knew everyone would be buying a shit ton of contracts so they bought puts . Duh . That ’ s what you get for following the majority .
Lol , dorks .
another rookie thinks the market is logical , classic
Because at this point the market expects NVDA to beat NVDA , the entire US stock market , beat China , beat the moon and beat God at this point .
priced in
🫠 🫠 🫠
Cause they didn ‘ t beat earnings by a gazillion . On a serious note , I believe great not awesome earnings were already priced in and the people wanted to see that Blackwell leads them into the land of milk and honey where they are not quite there YET .
After hours trading is so full of sht and manipulated . Wait till tomorrow for the real deal with volume and without manipulation
Priced in
3 tril market cap pretty much most expensive stock in the world its gonna spook people out esp if ai starts slowing down
The up was priced in … .
The future earnings forecast … .. stocks trade on future forecast above all !
Very common for price manipulation after hours . We'll be green tomorrow . Lots of upgrades too .
The fact that it was swinging wildly before the ER numbers are out only means one thing , hedge fund managers were trying to trick the retail into panic sale . A supplier with 85 % market share and no competitors will be fine for the next 12-18 m
Sellers
Because most of its value is from potential growth so beating earnings means almost nothing . It ’ s all about that guidance . NVIDIA isn ’ t even close to making the top 50 in revenue , but it ’ s valued in the top 5 .
Going to 125-130 td then settling there probably
a . overvalued b . stupid overreliance on it to technology markets , like if the Cadillac of Growth doesn't hit a home run every EPS quarter , people go all chicken little c . Nvidia will grow fine and it's the overvalued price that's going to stagnate the price for a year ... just like Apple or Berkshire Hathaway is facing lately . stocks revert to their fair value , and it's investor hype that's unrealistic and irrational . just like some of the growth of Nvidia being faster than it should have been , because the rest of the company has to catch up NVidia is like a rubber band and if you stretch it too far , it'll snap back - back to the fair value People just have dumb expectations , like all the dumbness about AI lately .. or electic cars check out Rolls Royce stock if you want to study something mega-overvalued ... it might be a A-list momentum stock lately , and maybe in a year run out of steam and settle down like a Peloton , and crash like a lead airplane
whos gonna buy this bubble stock ? it was a pump and dump scheme . moreover the growth will slow down eventually because $ 3 trillion dollar company is no joke
That was already priced in as usual . Retails then pay the bills . You bought the news .
it even beat your ass
Christmas opportunities for the smart investors to buy before it rises again
Too high expectations , I literally think some investors thought NVDA would be equivalent to a household name except it ’ s evrything you own
So $ NVDA ran for the whole month & you thought It was going to keep going post earnings ?
Timt to buy the dip . Get you some calls for cheap .
Retail will never be allowed to win smh
Sell good news and buy bad news .
Whine with that cheese ?
Because its price has risen 800 % in the past year , and folks are treating it like a meme stock now . Look at the fundamentals , and rotate out .
Priced for perfection
didn't beat the expectation
Guidance wasn ’ t great .
Because it ’ s not a surprise anymore . Everyone and their brother knew they were going to beat . It was priced in and it was actually priced in that it would have been a slightly better beat . Overall nothing has changed , we March higher
Good earnings used to mean increase in stock valuation , IMO people are getting scared with all the doom and gloom circulating the markets " A crash is coming " and not risking buying at the top .
The market in general went down yesterday , it ’ s not just a Nvidia thing .
It is silly that a company can be doing so well now , yet not well enough in the immediate future . Wall Street is disappointed the high isn ’ t as high as it could possibly be .
Because it wasn't a knockout beat was just a 6 % beat .
Because though good , the report doesn ’ t do much to quell the fear that the big techs are at or near their peak spending on AI chips , which , if true , would mean receding revenue and earnings for NVDA next year . This is based on an analysis of big tech AI spending that suggests the industry isn ’ t getting a positive return on its investment . I personally think the industry is spending on AI more out of fear and self-preservation than anything else , so I don ’ t think the profitability issue is that big , but I do think big tech is already spending about as much as it comfortably can on AI , and that earnings and revenue growth are going to going to be slow for NVDA next year , which means the multiples will look mighty high . If you ’ re in for the next three years or more , I wouldn ’ t worry at all , though .
Lower price before stock buyback
Because the price was already massively over pumped , growth is slowing , Blackwell is delayed , and competition is increasing . It'll likely never again see the insane rallies of before so those investors who are growth-hungry are shifting into other offerings where there is more potential . That isn't to say they don't think it'll grow , they just want to hedge into other opportunities .
Prob day traders / institutions having their way with people who think NVDA only goes up 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
Short sellers were stacked up at 130 . Plus I bought calls
I use to wait for earnings now I just wait to see which way the wind blows 🌝
Because nvda jizzfest is over
because it has been overbought and priced in a beat already , keep believing analysts ... they are fefinitely there to upgrade a stock to help retail ...
So you can buy and lower your cost basis
Because it isn ’ t yet a meme stock like TSLA . Let ’ s stop worrying about valuation , and go with NVDA is the future of AI . The future is bright therefore stocks go up . There is so much brand value in the stock now , economic value doesn ’ t matter , like a $ 250 K Louis Vuitton purse we don ’ t need to value it according to anything reasonable . Price target $ 1200 a share . Get some and be the envy of your neighbors and friends .
Two words ... Priced in .
It's up 159 % in a year and you're complaining about some dips . This entire sub is bandwagoners who've only ever heard or nvidia , smci and gamestop that think if you buy a stock it should double in a week
Because the YoY increase in revenue was only 122 % vs 168 % a year ago ! Yet Gap is up 5 % revenue it went up . None of this makes sense .
' If shoe-shine boys are giving stock tips , then it's time to get out of the market . ' - Joseph Kennedy Wait it out . The proles will eventually become bored and move on to the next meme . I've been in since $ 5 and have doubled my position every year .
Cuz they tries to collect the premium now to pay off in near going
You people are funny .
Down is the new up
huge sell off to trigger stop loss and then nvidia insider will buy the dips
So Jensen is buying back stock and selling it at the same time ? I ’ m confused .
I ’ m happy with the report . Came in as expected amd forecast . Bought another 5k earlier today , and wish I would have waited until tomorrow , and come up with another 7-10 shares . The aftermarket 7 % dip is a little wonky , but not surprising with the manipulation by the big money players . Up 15 % , from tomorrow ’ s opening by Tuesday close is my bet .
No it ’ s down because they are using a lot of cash to operate . Plain and simple the stock is down because the companies numbers are down from 23 check the annual report right on there website
It's going down despite the beat and raise because the \ _rate \ _ of the beat and raise is going down relative to prior quarters , which people are translating as a deceleration in the stock's momentum . In my opinion , since Blackwell was delayed , it ate into that additional 1B expected revenue beat , and is not indicative of a long term slow down quite yet . Should beat by a larger number next quarter and then pop , but for now , people didn't like the fact that the beat and raise was only by 5 % instead of the usual 10 % .
Tony stark will be speaking in 5 min , let the lord fkn speak and watch the rockets take off In Nancy Pelosi we trust 🙏
Stocks only go up
It's all mostly in the guidance . What did Jensen say about guidance ?
Because the growth rate is slowing compared to the previous quarters . Guidance wasn ’ t good enough , and Nvidia is priced for perfection .
They want more clarity . Conference call still not out Market wanted a 12 % move
Some are talking about how growth is decelerating ever so slightly
They are only up 15 % Quarter over Quarter . Not even 20 % .
What the dick fart
It will be $ 150 by Christmas and those dumb calls will be worthless .
Saying you set aside $ 50B for stock buybacks means absolutely fucking NOTHING .
BAAHAHHAHAHA
Efficient Market Theory says a stock price reflects fundamentals . So NVDA is all priced correctly at this point . Huge one day upside moves are just speculative bubbles .
Who knows , it ’ s the biggest company ever and it will act like Apple use to . It will get caught up in sell offs for no reason except profit taking . The market makers want this to pull back so it will . It ’ s a 3 trillion dollar company and they don ’ t understand why it ’ s that much or really what it does . They are the only reason it pulls back . That buy back should put a damper on any knife fall . I hope anyway .
Because even with the crazy earnings it ’ s massively over valued .
[ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-nvda-stock-crashing-014515430.html ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-nvidia-nvda-stock-crashing-014515430.html )
Because they beat it , but next quarter they are forecasting revenue of $ 32 billion next . This is a $ 3.3 trillion stock . By comparison Apple will do over $ 100 billion some quarters . They have a long ways to go to justify this price . I am surprised it is down as little as it is .
Profit margins are down .
this is just the beginning . get ready for sub 100 next month
Hey I sold one of these !
What does this mean ? English pls lol
how real is the effect though ? just people are selling it when it dumps 15 % and then sell when it goes up 25 % ro 30 % and bug out just never buy it when its expensive .
Heyyyy 😂
So temporary to make these options worthless ?
Can you explain why that would make a stock go down ?
Explain ?
Why would that affect the price ?
He already anticipated this outcome in one of his analysis
I invited a bunch of NVDA shareholders over after the earnings for some cake and cock . But I ’ m all out of cake
We need the cock fuelled by diesel to make a post and explain this .
We all got the cock after this earnings report today .
Cramer dun said that when a stock is hot hedgehog will drive the price down so everyone can get on bourd . They are creating a buying opportunity for them self's .
Of top level fairly generic information
😂
Who tf is dieselcock lol
Same
Just hold your nose and start buying .
Not only did I decide to hold , I didn ’ t write covered calls because I didn ’ t wanna cap upside on this major earnings beat .
Way to ruin it for us .
I thought about selling in case it went down to buy back into the dip but if I had it would have jumped to 160nas fast as it fell and I would have missed out lol
Yea I ’ m the family member that literally sucks at everything I ’ m not super smart , failed marriage , introvert . Bought nvidia and thought maybe I found my thing and Now , yea , idk
This is literally the only take , not a hot one
What is really going to hurt is that it will drag down every other related tech stock .
this is not a hot take . Because of today's price action , I think NVDA will benefit heavily from rate cuts + the buyback .
The reasonable take actually . It ’ s exactly this . I made a longish post before the earnings projecting that they ’ ll crush revenue and earnings but come slightly weaker on guidance , there is just going to be a bit less steam for a period before picking up again
Back when Apple used to provide guidance , this is exactly what happened . Unless you guide way above , you get hammered short term
Which is why the Blackwell delay did hurt . Had it stayed on course the extra revenue could have made this ER like the last one .
Not a hot take , and really I think a selloff like this will help build further buying support . I know I'd jump on shares if it went to , say , 100 . Market will get comfortable at this price range and build support for the next leg up eventually , probably in Q4 once Blackwell has started shipping .
That ’ s what makes no sense to me , the analyst are so scared of something bad happening they are trying to fabricate a disaster at every earnings . It ’ s ridiculous . I just own shares I don ’ t have the balls to do options on it lol but these analysts are getting dumber and dumber . Why don ’ t they just say “ if NVDA doesn ’ t earn 1 trillion next quarter and have a 2 trillion forward guidance the growth is slowing and the stock needs to be priced at 50 bucks ” ridiculous . Wtf do these clowns want ? All the money is Flowing into NVDA not out of it . The tech companies are using it as fast as they can with no slow down with innovation . I just don ’ t get it .
This is exactly it . If you have a 76 P / E ratio investors are thinking you ’ re going to blast through expectations again . Google is at a 32 , Apple is at 36 . If investors decide their upside is similar , and NVidia is still going to KEEP printing cash as fast as they do , the stock still needs to lose 50 %
Yup ! ! ! Another CISCO
but that's wasnt expected i think they were looking for q4 if really blackwell delay is real or not . it turns out all the information about blackwell delay was wrong . the media kept saying q1 2025 and they said it cant work because there is an issue . but everything still wrong . no one expected insane revenues before blackwell
It will go up after the fool's call expire , always does this ..
I agree . Another similar POV from a trusted source here too https://x.com/garyblack00/status/1828938743031439757?s=46&t=NfxRQtdJRE9hdJyJV5Po0g
This exactly
It's because analysts are dumb af and can't forecast shit , so any deviations from their expected results will lead to a short term drop . Nothing significant , especially when you consider the integral nature of data centers and processing power . We haven't even factored in smart cities yet .
Question : given its parabolic growth do you know if estimates price that in for future earnings ? If the estimates are based on recent upticks and then some why isn ’ t it going up on the estimated beat ?
We will see a restriction in output capacity for forward guidance and growth . Supply is too restricted and until TSM builds out its new facilities , we ’ ll continue to see an imbalance with demand exceeding supply . This potentially forces hyper scalers to get their hands on other advanced chips . So grown continuing to climb at this pace isn ’ t practical , the numbers get too high . The face there is still strong growth , I feel should see the price stabilise in the coming week or two ( perhaps once call options expire ) .
Dieselcock is that you ? !
I called it yeah . See my post
Well it cannot keep beating like crazy on every Q ? seems just impossible to imagine
At a price / sales ratio of nearly 40 I can see why .
me too 🙄
She just bought a whole bunch I highly doubt she will sell post earnings at a loss
Probably sold at the peak
[ deleted ]
Lol
The only problem with your thesis is that the 5 main drivers of NVDA are MSFT , AMZN , TSLA , META , GOOGL all companies that don't need to borrow money to buy the chips
is ' the algorithm ' in the room with us now ?
Exactly
This is the ( long-term ) way .
You think we going to get NVDA at a 10 % discount tomorrow after a positive earnings report with a buy back ?
You have any money left that you didn't commit already ?
Another pig for the slaughter
🤣
Lol
Retail panicking in stock aftermarket ?
Did you realize lots of people don ’ t get what covered calls are yet they are trading options ?
They must think their own stock is cheap
Exactly this .
yup , sounds like my boss at annual review time
Ask yourself WWJD … what would Jenson do .
[ deleted ]
YUP
and who is that ?
why come stonk not go up ?
I agree , take out the weak hands , just a Question of how long that takes . I'm waiting for the accumulation phase to end ( ( if it is acc ) and them once it jumps the creek I'm in . I never jump in earlier I wait for the signal and confirmation , unlike most of these FOMO gamblers who have no idea what they are doing working off their emotions
Yes , which is why it will raise to new heights in a months time ... MMW
" I think NVDA will surpass 150 in the next couple of days . " Really ? Reality distortion syndrome .
You had me agreeing up until you said NVDA to 150 in a few days … maybe October but not in a few days
It is going back to 100 $ . And I hope you are correct .
150 in a couple of days LOL , you really are a fool
it's going sub 100 , maybe even to 80 before that
I sold an Iron condor for Friday exp , outside the expected move it should payout tomorrow I'd like to thank the call buyers for handing over their elevated option premiums
Certainly
option don't really move the underlying ...
That 50Billions takes years for them to buy back .
453 billion day traders ? Ha , 😝 all the institutions are pushing this and saying , “ buy the dip , ” then they will get out . 😎
They did crush it . The forecasts can be made with predictable accuracy , what ’ s hard to predict is the market reaction
And priced for perfection ...
It's a good thing
When Apple did that the stock pumped .
It ’ s a great thing . It means they think they can make more returns form the buyback than other available alternative uses of that same amount , I believe it was 50b . It ’ s a great thing
Really ? That ’ s nothing for her … I ’ ve got more than that invested in stupid GME stock … I thought she bought more than that
This . B100 issues .
Why ?
Ran the whole month ? Where ? It was going stable for the whole month , Matter of fact , It went down from 140
I'm sure it did ?
Some people say : It is not a surprise that they're gonna beat Others says : People were expecting more in terms of revenue / eps ...
Oh yeah , what about today ?
Right , don ’ t forget that NVDA affects about 6 % or more of the s & p . 🤔 👍
I ’ ll down vote the comment then :)
It is a bad look for him , but he probably wants to diversify his holdings and free up some cash to do rich guy stuff .
It doesn't have to be indicative of a long-term anything ( again , also missed on net revenue ) . Please go look at AMZN ( beat on Net Revenue ) or Google ... please learn what is expected of the Mag 7 and then what's expected of NVDA in particular . Also , there's no " usual " 10 % . It's been dropping significantly for the last 5 quarters . THIS is the deceleration in the growth . * * -31.6 % , 19.4 % , 11.9 % and 9.8 % is 3.8 % * * You can say " but if Blackwell , " all you want . Nobody is saying NVDA is dead in the Water . Just that THIS was not a great earnings report relative to ACTUAL expectations . Margins lowering and then margins are expected to go even lower , per Huang ... that's a big deal . Huang also couldn't give ANY type of number on Blackwell revenue for Q4 other than " billions . " Well yeah , no shit . How MANY billions ?
Can u guys stop this pelosi nonsense ? She might have sold everything week ago and you wouldn't know
RemindMe 24 hours ...
About 32.5 bn in revenues for q3 largely on line with analyst expectations and gross margin of 75 % whereas expectations were 75.5 %
This is a good take
pffft
Remind me the yoy growth rate and margin profile of Apple ?
I made \ ~ $ 550 by selling a few hours before close . Great advice everywhere about not holding through earnings . See what the market does tomorrow , look for a pullback and buy for the ride .
If the big fish see high market volume on calls , they will artificially keep the price low until expiration then bump it back into the expected rnage Edit : * range
High volume whales sell best bang for your buck
A + / - 10 % swing was in his predictions . Unfortunately , it went with the negative . He also predicted NVDA will go back to pre-earnings price well before the next ER . So , hang on to your camisoles ...
Did he also say it could possibly go up ?
I sold everything I had in it and day traded chewy for the morning .
Could well be the case here .
In which case we get a chance to DCA a bit more of Gran's inheritance . Nvidia is a winner
and that ain't happening , in fact selling calls is precisely what is making money
Haha , you ’ re not alone my friend . I suck at everything too , trying to stack some paper for my retirement .
People don ’ t seem to understand stock price is expected future earnings . That ’ s why many value stocks have low cap , yeah they ’ re profitable but there ’ s no growth expected . Nvidia has massive future earnings growth baked in . If their projections come in below market expectations then yeah price goes down even if it ’ s a beat
Don't forget also most ETFs Today was a dark day at the market
NVDA has tons of cash and very low debt burden . so it is not affected much at all by interest rates .
$ 50B buyback is \ ~ 0.62 % of MC . Buyback is a good thing but let's be real ... that can't have much impact on the SP .
Ultimately this strategy benefits the stock price right ? Because now with lower guidance by NVDA , market will taper their expectations for the following quarter right ? This will help NVDA beat expectations the following quarter , allowing them to set future guidance even higher the quarter after that . Sounds like a smart way to keep pumping the stock .
they see a decline over the last 4-5 earnings , in which Nvidia has beat expectations . Im not an expert , but I understand stats and know that analysts will act on any trend they see .
Yeah but stocks of this magnitude will never actually decline that much outside of a catastrophic event
Well then maybe it shouldn't have been up 62 % in the last two quarters . Either the market stops front running on tomorrow's fomo , or it disappoints on earnings . Welcome to stock valuation .
Then don ’ t expect the stock to grow like crazy every quarter either
Exactly
At this point ... its not about constant beating of previous QR They need exciting news .
🤦‍♀ ️
wait for the Dark pool to confirm accumulation and only buy if it jumps the creek , don't just assume without evidence
it wasn't the most valuable company in the world and we didn't have major economic risks then . market will sell off for the next month +
last earnings it ballooned overnight .
Those companies are all working on AI for commerce . If you make a product , you expect someone to purchase it . A company worth $ 100 million would absolutely take on debt to replace systems , workers , or enhance productivity with AI . The smart thing to do would be to buy the product Microsoft , Apple , salesforce , or whomever created , not make it themselves . Companies take on debt for numerous reasons including the companies you mentioned . In my field , AI is being used essentially the way computers exponentially enhanced productivity . It helps accomplish more tasks at a faster rate .
You ’ re commenting sarcastically about whether the stock market is controlled by algorithms in a forum dedicated to a company whose sole mission is to use algorithms for artificial intelligence . If retail stock purchases and sells go to dark pools , then what do you think causes the billions of transactions across thousands of stocks every day ? Why did NVIDIA have a $ 10 price drop to $ 116 on a great earnings when a company like McDonald ’ s had a shit earnings but stock exploded ? Times change quickly . Every day trader on YouTube bitches about how much harder trading is in the last few years and we ’ re in a historic bull run . There ’ s absolutely a reason for that and it ’ s 100 % technology related .
Yes , i am going long term . 15-25 years
Yes and every other related stock will also be on sale . This is the new trend , you can ’ t just beat . The algo trading is dumb and unstoppable when the momentum shifts .
Even Brian Boitano is bullish on NVDA
Leather jacket
Lord Jensen
Jenson !
Jensen Nvidia
nOOB ... blasphemy !
It's reddit . People just say dumb shit ... well because they're dumb as shit .
Bro said he “ thinks ” its going to 150 & does not elaborate or anything . Nothing to back his take , pure vibes . This is comedy .
The best CEOs distort reality to make things happen . Jensen is the best right now .
It cant , the p / e would compress to low , it'll just go up
At 80 , we are in an economic collapse , alarm bells will be ringing etc .. a total collapse of the economy .. last time it drop to 90 , politicians were scare !
There are a lot of whales putting millions on puts for NVDA hitting $ 80 , they have been for months . Really sucks to hear but it ’ s been going on … .
Yes they do ... Just not in this case . Every contract sold needs to be hedged in some way but the market makers . So at purchase date it would make a difference . At expiration , yes , if major exercise occurs . OTM , if heavy , will make a difference tomorrow when market makers unhedge .
Cool ! 😎
🤞
When a company buys back their shares , it ’ s essentially the same thing as paying a dividend . They are returning capital to shareholders instead of deploying the cash elsewhere . It ’ s something that typically more mature companies do , not ones that are growing their revenues in triple digits and trading at more than 15x sales
Thats the same thing . Everyone knew they would beat . How much they would beat was the question . This was slightly lower than the market was expecting the beat . It ’ s not cratering , it ’ s just saying on its current pace and money is rotating into other stocks that have been neglected
Wow you ’ re autistic enough to reply to 4 of my comments because of how salty you are from my response . You don ’ t have 7 figures in Nvidia , much less your actual portfolio . Be a man and DM me your account and I ’ ll show you what a real portfolio looks like . Theres a reason why 5 analysts upgraded its current price to 20 % higher than what it currently is _on average _ , and you ’ re saying it shouldn ’ t be 3.2 T . You aren ’ t the genius you think you are , you can ’ t even tell me what it ’ s Forward PE is accurately . Edit : you think margins lowering from 76.2 % to 75 % is a big deal ? Are you too stupid to understand the math of why that ’ s happening ? I ’ d suggest you start doing your research and go back to TSMC ’ s most recent earnings call and see if your pea-brain can connect the dots . Everyone wants the piece of the pie now , try to keep up .
in long run , most stock only go up unless the business goes out of business .
So that did it ?
Exactly . NVDAs margins are obscene . They are also the stand out company for an emerging market . Apple are not .
Today - not much . But growth isn ’ t baked into their price . It is their revenue today . They are close to a harvest industry .
Should that market manipulation should be illegal ?
So will it go up tomorrow ? Is it still going $ 150 ? ?
Exactly
Which is a conspiracy based on no merits .
Yup AI trading now a days !
recovery next ER ? i predict it returns to 130 by 9/20 , 3 weeks . market has short term memory loss
He said earnings excitement was preventing the inevitable dip to this range
Your point is mostly valid - however NVDAs projections didn ’ t come in below market expectations , they came in above . But to the other poster ’ s point NVDAs past projections were much higher than market ’ s . Whereas now NVDA expectations are closer to market expectations . So ultimately that still tracks to a lower stock price because less growth is expected .
omg someone who actually understands trading 101 , unlike 99 % of the morons here who have no clue
Buybacks are more sentiment than anything else … if a company is confident enough to spend their own money buying back stock instead of using it to invest into growth then they have $ $ $ to spend aka extra profits and they don ’ t need to spend on other capex … it ’ s Apples favorite trick
It's about as big of news as them " doubling their dividend " was last quarter .
What exactly do you think their market cap is ? ? 50B / 3000B = 1.66 % of market cap At least use accurate numbers .
Fire sale tomorrow . I was hoping the stock would get slammed . Will buy at the discount .
Might *
I totally disagree with you , as regards the amount they borrow . why do you think when the Fed raised rates beyond 5 % the Mag 7 were unaffected by that ? They had and have so much cash they hired many people , their margin went through the roof their profit followed .
He'd prob buy a call or two , that's what Brian Boitano would do
I mean he fights bears with his magical fire-breath , of course he's bullish .
Brian Dennehy ? ? !
In Jensen we trust
When Jensen speak ?
Of course it can , it could go lower than 100 $ . I don ’ t think it would stay there for long , but the market can always irrationally punish a stock and it will .
it was under 80 literally 4 months ago , how short is your memory ?
I agree and disagree with you , yes the market makers hedge and drive price but its not as much as people tend to think it does . Traders get so preoccupied with the options volume and open interest they do tend to forget looking at the charts and price action of the underlying and I think this is a big mistake . Also it really hard to figure out what the MM is actually doing and people make all kinds of crazy theories and speculations . My guess is and that is just pure BS , the MM will drive the price up at some point and take out some shorts , then drive it down to take out longs while they unwind . Then there are other algo's operating off PFOF to screw retail scalpers out of their $ $ . I challenge anyone to come up with a true and tried way of interpreting the action
WHERE THE FUCK DID I SAY IT SHOULDN'T BE 3.2 T ? Are you fucked ? Are you seriously this stupid ? I NEVER said it shouldn't be a 3T market cap ? Edit : you think margins lowering from 76.2 % to 75 % is a big deal ? No , I think lowering from 78.4 to 75 % and then guiding for LOWER margins in Q4 is a big deal though . I also think missing NET revenue is a big deal . Are those NOT a big deal to you ? MARGINS and NET REVENUE ? JFC ... And stop spamming so many stupid comments and I won't have to keep replying .
Basically all stocks go up or to 0 given infinite time .
First time ?
Tell Nancy pelosi
Only if it ’ s the poor people doing it
Maybe but I do believe when there ’ s high volume , whales sell because they can get the most bang for the buck without dropping price too significantly
Maybe follow the money ? Who gained it and how ?
It ’ s actually not a conspiracy if you actually look at the reports around calls / puts and overall market movement . I ’ m talking about the actual reports and charts . Not someone on YouTube telling you what to think . Nobody will ever admit to such a thing .
Not a conspiracy but all algorithm based .
I wrote " well before next ER " . BTW , your prediction is more or less in line with mine .
Honestly I think we flush down to 110 maybe as early as tomorrow . Then a quick recovery to 125 by 9/11 . Then the rate cut catapults us back to 130 then we get smacked down again
I hope 130 by 9/6 for my debit spreads 😞
Oh , cock of diesel , what is your wisdom ?
Well it's not less growth it's just overvalued most of the time at fair value the stock has a great growth years ahead but people think the irrational spurts upwards is rational growth , when it's not ...
So , you are “ Elite 1 % traders ” ? pretending to understand the markets ’ secret sauce after the fact ! I guess you are a multimillionaire .
If companies don ’ t have debt then why do commercial loans exist ? I literally don ’ t understand the point you ’ re trying to make . Debt can even be a good thing for companies . Even trillion dollar companies have debt . NVIDIA has debt , Tesla has debt , Microsoft has debt . It ’ s public data . When rates are low , debt is cheap , which accelerates growth . This is why the Fed cuts rates . Rates are high so the mag 7 have been paying down debt . Coincidentally , they ’ ve also raised a metric shitload of money from their stock , giving a ton of free capital . When the fed cut rates , they also printed a historic amount of money that mostly went to companies as pandemic relief . They made out like bandits . As rates went up , consumers kept spending . The fed ’ s dual mandate is maximum employment and stable inflation . They kept employment stable while bringing down inflation . There were no mass layoffs like 2008 or dotcom . You ’ ve also listed tech companies , who experienced a ton of growth during Covid due to the need for remote work and increased utilization of technology . That doesn ’ t go away just because rates went up to the historical average rate . Also - there ’ s like 9 hedge funds that basically control the stock market and they all invest in each other . They have a vested interest in their investments being accretive . No shit these companies are historically profitable when we ’ re witnessing possibly the greatest grift of all time . And no shit they rug pulled NVIDIA because retail dared to buy calls .
530pm I think
in the next 5 minutes
3:30 PST
Understand something , NVDA has such a weight that moves the whole market , look at every other single stock in the market it moved downward with NVDA even the other companies who reporter good earning today , the stocks went down . If NVDA drops under 100 it will cause a collapse in the market . It will not only punish one stock it will do so with the whole economy . So it does not make sense ..
Yes but two earning later the company has more value .. plus NVDA has a lot of cash .
I can't speak on the manipulation , albeit I'm sure it exists . Delta hedging is real and standard practice . While I'm sure some mm's skip it to make more money , it could be a suicidal move .
> Can I ask you how long you ’ ve been investing ? You sound like a neophyte to be honest . > But with this earnings , they should not be a 3.2 T market cap , much less the 4T - 5T that was suggested . Sorry . This literally is a copy and paste from one of your 5 comments from last night when you were creeping on my page ( yes I read all of them ) . Don ’ t tell me you ’ ve forgotten already ? You sound like a neophyte when it comes to Reddit , or short term memory in general ? Edit : Margin expectations aren ’ t 78 % , they were 76.2 % , and they didn ’ t guide lower overall , this is how it is during any ramp up of new Datacenter GPU , Jensen literally said on call it will average upwards after it ’ s ramped up post Q4 in initial release , did you even listen to the fucking call dude ? The first release always has lower margins , and they increase QoQ . To go down 1.2 % on a new release means we hit higher than expected next year for Blackwell , which isn ’ t a lowering yield at all . How the fuck did you miss this as well ? Edit 2 : How can you say you ’ re not a neophyte when you get the simplest of numbers / ideas incorrect ?
Yep
I gotta tell you , a long time democrat here , if democrats win we are in f .. trouble ! You got a democratic senator selling secrets for gold bar , extremist , i mean dark days ahead !
It's not true , as market makers remain delta neutral . If I buy a call option , the market makers are essentially short . Therefore they buy the underlying to hedge themselves neutral . Market makers do not bet , they are not gamblers . The max pain theory of options has been proven false .
Dude , it ’ s not down AH because of MM ’ s . It ’ s down because the growth rate is slowing compared to the previous quarters , the guidance was in the low end , and Nvidia is priced for perfection . It ’ s as simple as that .
Proof ?
110 retest plausible , there is a gap to fill
What ever will we do without him !
NVDIA AI chips are spending tons of energy trying to understand this sentence
It amazes me rookie traders , they think earnings ooo ooo I will buy calls that is no bariner . I can outsmart the market ( naïve rookie ) You would think if they have an iota of common sense think they would have figured out if it was really that easy , someone else would be doing it . But of course they are stupid and don't realize they are getting into a high probability losing position . Your asinine comment " rug pull NVDA " makes no sense at all because IV crush always does this there is no conspiracy . just bunch of more educated traders on the other side of their trade . me included
I ’ m old enough to remember as far back as August 5th . The current market is looking for reasons to sell-off . Think how much Macro uncertainty currently exists in the World .
How many edits do you need to get it right the first time ? > Edit : Margin expectations aren ’ t 78 % , they were 76.2 % Nvidia reported Q2 of fiscal 2025 gross margin of 75.1 % , up from 70.1 % a year ago , but down from 78.4 % in the first quarter . [ https://www.marketwatch.com/livecoverage/nvidia-earnings-stock-results-q2-guidance-revenue-ai/card/nvidia-s-gross-margin-falls-sequentially-for-the-first-time-in-2-years-pJ6MoZSBfsmWEPpsA4Yu ] ( https://www.marketwatch.com/livecoverage/nvidia-earnings-stock-results-q2-guidance-revenue-ai/card/nvidia-s-gross-margin-falls-sequentially-for-the-first-time-in-2-years-pJ6MoZSBfsmWEPpsA4Yu ) So .. did margins drop ? Next their PE isn't 45 ? Tell me how Forward PE is calculated . I don't need to add that as the other guy , he showed you the Forward PE was 47 . > But with this earnings , they should not be a 3.2 T market cap , much less the 4T - 5T that was suggested . Sorry . * WITH-THIS-EARNINGS . * Do you struggle with literacy ? Because I ALSO said to calm the fuck down and when Blackwell is released , their revenue is going to jump to \ ~ 40B a year with the ONLY constraints being supply . No , THIS earnings report was NOT good enough for a 4-5 T Market cap or a 3.2 Market cap ... and it's not . That doesn't mean I don't think this company SHOULD be or WILL be a 3.2 and then 4T , then 5T Market Cap . Tell me what else I need to hold your hand an explain a second time in more simple terms for you buddy ...
You ’ ll get used to it
This has actually happened to me before and I can testify . I lost big 🤣
[ deleted ]
I don ’ t think you understand what a MM is
Slow down there buddy . Nobody said you ’ re wrong or why it ’ s down . The guy asked a question based on a prior comment from someone else . I simply answered his question . You need to chill tf out
I avoid options . Maybe someday , but I make enough money with my day to day job that I mostly long term invest . I don ’ t have time to learn the personality of each stock I believe in and day trade . I wouldn ’ t say there ’ s a conspiracy that hedge funds like to fuck people out of their money . That ’ s literally how they make money - someone wins and someone loses and they cheat all the time to get the edge . How many articles were we seeing about Nvidia earnings being some amazing thing causing people to feel confident gambling on options ? It happens all the time with stocks . Articles come out , paid content folks put their YouTube and tiktoks out , people get interested and fomo in rather than do technical analysis or stick with their gut feeling . Look at WSB , today . Broadcasting stock plays for weeks and they ’ re shocked pikachu that market movers and hedge funds took their money . Contrast NVIDIA with a POS like SAVA or a decent company like KOSS . The fuck are all those random , explosive movements upward ? You think millions of retail traders just wake up one morning and decide to buy every single KOSS share 3 times over in one day for no reason ? Or that SAVA , a shitty biopharma company with fraud allegations , deserved a 100 % move upward for no reason , multiple times over the past years ? They do the same shit with Apple as they do NVIDIA . The stock recovers , people just shouldn ’ t play options on earnings calls .
Yes , people are tradding on fear !
You ’ re a fucking moron bud . Expected margins for THIS QUARTER were 76.2 % , and they were 75 % . That ’ s still in line with expectation , despite it being lower , BECAUSE of Blackwell ramp up . You literally don ’ t understand how finance works . It ’ s hilarious . Go ask chatGPT how to calculate Forward PE and come back to me with your long division equation based on a $ 118 price from AH yesterday , and their new expected FY25 earnings . Let me know what the number is buddy , if you can ’ t I ’ ll walk you through it step by step 😂 Edit : On a serious note I ’ m going to just leave you with this : go spend some time researching seasoned analysts , particularly Stacy Rasgon and the other big ones , their upgrades yesterday , their numbers and reasoning , and ask yourself why they ’ re all in lockstep on Nvidia ’ s report and you ’ re not . You ’ re the outlier here , not them . Ask yourself why .
I try not to obsess over it . I just sit back , relax , and eat some crayons .
It helps if your wife gets a nice boyfriend to take her out while I focus on sulking … . Or at least that ’ s what she tells me .
I understand it perfectly . I also understand the ER and guidance was disappointing .
Fuck me ... another Edit - I don't need to research why their price targets over TWELVE MONTHS went up . I also don't need to read what people like Stacy Rasgon said as I PERSONALLY know one of the Sr . VPs at Morgan Stanely . I NEVER said their long-term projections were off or that they should be changed . I said their earnings from Blackwell were PUSHED-OUT and they didn't have a great earnings report due to the delay . Now , as for the PE ; > A " beat " with NVDA is priced in . They've gone from ... something -31.6 % , 19.4 % , 11.9 % and 9.8 % is 3.8 % over expectations . DECELERATION . * * At a forward PE of 40 , you're pricing in 40X their current earnings to justify this current evaluation . Tech stocks are higher . They have more growth ... so when their growth slows , they get beat up for it , just like AMZN , GOOGL , TSM had INCREDIBLE earnings . Dropped . * * Maybe you should actually sit down with someone in the field so they can explain these things to you ! You actually replied to this by using their earnings from YESTERDAY and a 118 price ? I mean it , you may be one of the dumbest people I've come across on here ... truly , just staggeringly stupid .
> You ’ re a fucking moron bud . Expected margins for THIS QUARTER were 76.2 % , and they were 75 % . That ’ s still in line with expectation , despite it being lower , BECAUSE of Blackwell ramp up . Cool . And before you need another 5 edits , what did I say ? THAT THEIR MARGINS WENT DOWN ... and they're expected to go down more . But cool . Lower margins , missing on net revenue , then I guess there's no reason for the stock to not be back and passing it's ATH , right ? So what's it at right now ? 145-150 ? > You literally don ’ t understand how finance works . It ’ s hilarious . Go ask chatGPT how to calculate Forward PE and come back to me with your long division equation based on a $ 118 price from AH yesterday , and their new expected FY25 earnings . Let me know what the number is buddy , if you can ’ t I ’ ll walk you through it step by step 😂 We were quite literally talking about their fucking PE GOING INTO EARNINGS . How do you fit so much stoopid into one person ? Jesus Fuck ... that is the ENTIRE premise ! For a company WITH A FORWARD PE OF \ ~ 45 , they needed a better ER than this . You " Er ... if you take their low from AH after the new Earnings report , this is the PE . " Fuck ... and I don't know how finance works ? This is ALL just me trying to explain to YOU why their down after a " beat " on Earnings and you're literally getting every-single-thing-wrong ! lol ...
I eat clear glue after earnings .
What is your favorite flavor color ?
You may want to question your ego
Refer to my last comment about how you don ’ t understand finance , and how you ’ re the odd man out compared to every analyst in the industry . Ask yourself why .
Guidance was not ideal , he's not wrong .
LOL ... refer to mine . I'm sorry , I've tried to explain simple shit to you too many times . I NEVER argued with 12 - month price targets , I said they'd come when Blackwell comes . You're simply too stupid to understand what these earnings NEEDED to be to maintain the growth and how they didn't do it . Ask yourself if YOU'RE right ... why is the stock down ?
He's been acting like a CEO who is about to get a billion dollar net worth bump all week . I'd say scheduling an interview during the time that the stock will either go up or down 12 % is a pretty good sign that the ER will be good news .
CEOs often have interviews after earnings announcements
Nobody is expecting a bad quarter . NOBODY . Not even a single bear expects a bad quarter . If we find out NVDA shits slightly less gold than the amount of gold everyone expects them to shit the stock will go down . That's it . That's all there is to it . Good news isn't enough to make it go higher when everyone bought on the expectation of amazing news .
Bullish
I think Jensen is a great person for an interview . He really gives a perspective on the industry and where everything is going which we don ’ t seem to get on an earnings call ( just general AI is this and that blah blah blah )
He ’ s showing some Blackwell fresh out of the oven … .. ( real ones will understand )
Because the SEC limits what he can say during the “ quiet period ” ( the four weeks prior to the earnings report ) .
Highly doubt a bad quarter . But the mood appears to be , everyone needs an unrealistic earnings for this thing to move north .
Jensen is the genius Michelangelo of the 21st century . He ’ s the wizard that has led NVDA to beyond 3T . I trust he will articulate the NVDA story and NVDA will go to the moon !
$ 145
Bet my left nut he wants to expand on Blackwell shipments beginning Q4 2024 ... watch
Maybe We should call Him and suggest a dividend hike to 3 %
In Jensen we trust .
Im nervous now …
One reason . To Brag .
They hide if things go bad . They accept the accolades when things go right . If things were horrible , they would have a PR rep doing a press release .
Let's fuckkkking go NVDAians !
That means great news !
Maybe they have already worked out the glitch in the Blackwell GPU and the stock will soar .
Jensen : I have some incredible news to share ! AI took my job !
NVDA can easily beat the earnings , but the market doesnt have to do what we want it to
Don ’ t think too much into it . This is what CEOs do .
We already have a thread on this . https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f2fsse/bloomberg_technology_live_special_coverage_w/
Jesen just keeps on giving
For people saying his booking on Bloomberg is bullish ; would you expect him to NOT go on Bloomberg with the year's most anticipated results splashed across the world's headlines ? Of course he has to get out in front of the cameras and drive the narrative . Hiding in his lair isn't an option . Now if he'd booked some auditorium for an audience of 5000 , that might be a different story .
Yes because they want him to do interview and Jensen NEEDS TO EXPLAIN SOMETHING ? Then it could be a clue . Edit : it was a clue . Stock is down 10 %
On a serious note let's use this thread to see if Nvidia tanking or mooning ? I think it's gonna moon .
It's gonna miss , he's going on to tell people " Everythings fine ! " even though insiders have been selling 6:1
Op is in the DENIAL stage . Remember ScaMci
Damage control ? ! I hope not .
Dropping big today to go up bigger tomorrow ?
I was planning on buying the dip , but I expected it later , and had about 40 % of my account tied up in NVDA options that were down because of the drop . I ended up making out pretty good on the options but couldn't buy at $ 90
Could be bec . he get a huge offer from Bloomberg for a 10 min . chit chat ?
It's called confidence .
ChatGPT says Jensen does more press when things are good .
Totally standard procedure
Oh man I should ’ ve bought more this morning
people dont go on a show to talk about their failures lol
Or maybe nvda had a really bad quarter and Jensen is out there personally doing damage control because he is a good 10/10 CEO
These happen all the time .
CEOs also speak to calm or clarify disappointing earnings . So many this quarter earnings season they disappointed appeared on CNBC right as earnings dropped . So it can go either way .
He's stepping down as CEO and appointing his successor which is an all knowing super intellegence running on Blackwell chips .
AI is dead
The price is already built in by now . One or two weeks after the ER , we'll continue it's up and down price action , as usual , until the next quarterly .
Red bubble
If the eps is red or barely green I think we'll see a 10-15 % drop . If we beat eps by 10 % then the stock will go 7-8 % up . My 2 cents . I'm holding long anyway .
how much is he fucking selling off holy shit
Jensen took a shit this morning after his morning coffee pre earnings . Now why would a CEO do that ?
Guys , everyone invest in rocketlab . Internet of things constellation via nvda chips
Maybe he thought they said “ Boob-berg ’ and he just wanted to sign some more t-shirts … 😏
doesn't look good ... if he thinks he needs to give an interview after seems like he thinks he has to do something more to support . If he thought earnings is blockbuster then he would not have thought a need for it ...
I'm not worried about earnings . I worried earnings will be awesome and the stock drops 12 % because Wall Street is fucking stupid . [ Any large number will do in this example ]
Yep . This looks like a thing only a confident person would do . Otherwise no other CEO would do that .
Definitely Up because I asked my magic eight-ball and it says Definitely 💯 😁
or damage control
like duh lol what are these people talking about .
Perfectly stated
There are literally zero signs pointing to bad anything .
Yea that ’ s how I feel . But apparently there ’ s a few people who do disbelieve . There ’ s also old rich people who just are just now hearing about Nvidia for the first time . Most people that I know have never even heard of it . Granted they aren ’ t rich or educated . But old people are especially naive about AI
[ removed ]
💯
Peep the video from March where he describes generative AI ( aka continuous learning ) . I went all in after seeing this talk . Made enough to buy a house . [ https://youtu.be/cEg8cOx7UZk?si=R1g1piveG76JaP9X&t=910 ] ( https://youtu.be/cEg8cOx7UZk?si=R1g1piveG76JaP9X&t=910 )
Wrong , Jensen is always talking about industry and perspective in earnings calls . In 2022 he talked about LLMs and how Hopper will hit it off like a month or two prior to ChatGPT release . He basically teased ChatGPT in an earnings call . I remember that call so well because it was at the time when Nvidia hit the lows in 2022 so it was very important to listen to the CEO . Wallstreet back then was all out on bear articles and analysts downgrades . Nobody listened to the CEO who basically announced the beginning of the 10x stock movement in the earnings call prior to ChatGPT public release . Since I was already invested , I only smiled back then :) . I'm long since 2016 .
I'm a fake one pls explain
Look man I ’ m all in on Nvidia but goddamn the glazing here is atrocious 🤣
I have sell at $ 148 . And still owning 1000 shares with a sell at $ 230 😂 because why not
Same . It works u til it doesn ’ t . It ’ s not this generations Cisco but it gots the feels
A good CEO doesn't hide when results are bad . I think his presence has nothing to do with results being good / bad , people are thinking too into it . He will talk about performance and where they head from that point , the impact blackwell will have , reiterate top companies investing more and more into AI , etc . If earnings are bad , him stepping up and addressing how to overcome that is the best way to stop the bleeding ; if earnings are great , he can double-down on performance indicators and how this will feed into future success ( and of course a plan of action for the excess cash ) .
Intel CEO did not hide
Or damage control
Still can go “ all in ” tomorrow morning before the ER .
I ’ m not speculating either way , but to say people don ’ t go on a show to talk about a miss is incorrect / Zuck in 2021 had pre planned interview to address significant drop in revenue and user growth Elon had pre planned interview in Q2 2019 with production challenges Satya Nadella q4 2022 pre planned interview showed slower growth in cloud Tim Cook 2019 Howard Schulz 2018 Mary Barra 2018 I could go on and on .
Crowdstrike CEO would like to disagree . the morning of the outage , that dude was on every finance channel doing interviews and CRWD control ( lol )
I meant Al , my friend , Albert
Nah man . Not at $ 6.12 unless you wanna hold for years . One year est is $ 7.50
He did that last time , you don ’ t know what you ’ re talking about lmao
Thing is , Jensen and co know this and it's exactly why they pre-planned the extended cut . More time to talk to a bigger audience . There's nothing to hide and they've been transparent about breaking down how their customers can generate $ 7 revenue for every $ 1 invested ( and that's not counting GPU hosting @ $ 5ish ) My only regret is not foreseeing the drill to the $ 90s . Been a long quarter waiting for tomorrow ! The annual report in July was fire too . [ https://www.hpcwire.com/2024/06/30/nvidia-economics-make-5-7-for-every-1-spent-on-gpus/ ] ( https://www.hpcwire.com/2024/06/30/nvidia-economics-make-5-7-for-every-1-spent-on-gpus/ ) [ https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc\_financials/2024/ar/NVIDIA-2024-Annual-Report.pdf ] ( https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc_financials/2024/ar/NVIDIA-2024-Annual-Report.pdf )
It doesn ’ t matter what the stock does as long as the earnings go up . And continue to do so . The stock price will fall in line eventually . Which would you prefer , terrible earnings and stock price goes up ? Or great earnings and stock price goes down ? I ’ d prefer the second .
Exactly
If ER is awesome and stock tanks , buy / add if you can and reduce your average ?
Right here with you . I think anything less than a home run in earning AND forecast will send it tumbling back to the 100s .
Nailed it .
If the earnings are good I don ’ t care if the stock price drops at all . Price follows earnings long term . Peter Lynch .
Yea some big players simply have too much sway .
Dam straight buddy get ready to get dumped . I plan to take profits
If you believe in the company and don't need to realize your investment any time soon , sounds like 12 % would be a god send for you to buy more .
Lmaoooo
All these articles that are telling people to buy really has me worried . Hopefully this isn ’ t a buy so we can dump scenario .
lol you couldn ’ t be more correct haha . It ’ s why when I bought my shares last week I sold CC ’ s roughly ATM for a little over $ 7 / share of premium haha .
Am loading up if it dips 12 % NFA I might even sell a small portion of AMC or asts 🦍 🐂
If it drops 12 % , would that bot be good to buy shares if er and forward outlook is so amazing ?
They ain ’ t stupid but rather an asshole .
I ’ m lowkey hoping it falls so I get the chance to buy in at a lower price . don ’ t have nearly as many shares as I wish I had bought rn 😔
So you're saying the stock price could suffer due to TOO MUCH EARNINGS so people will profit take and tank the stock ? Why is stock investing so hard
lol hold up . The now defunct CEO of Starbucks went on CNBC after a horrid quarter . He is now not the CEO and the stock was pummeled again the following ( most recent ) quarter . A ceo going on TV after earnings doesn't mean shit
https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=C3rRk6A-sEk
It's just copium . He doesn't even like talking to non tech people anyway . Probably more bearish than anything .
Nah fam 🤣 🤣 🤣 last time it took a dip
Excuse me ? ?
This . I was so hyped after watching these series of talks back in March ! Go Nvda ! Congratulations on your buying a house !
Some [ meme-worthy shit ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=So7TNRhIYJ8 ) from Nvidia's YouTube channel back in the day .
Not really . Been following him since February or so and he's * built different * in a good way . Personally , I've made a quarter million dollars realized gains as a result . There will eventually be a top to earnings-related hype , but it aint this one . Peep his stanford symposium talk around continuous learning if you need something to treat yourself to : [ https://youtu.be/cEg8cOx7UZk?si=XovvhIPrz5iiA5K\_&t=840 ] ( https://youtu.be/cEg8cOx7UZk?si=XovvhIPrz5iiA5K_&t=840 )
Me , too , man , all in with NVDA . Let ’ s plan for a big party tomorrow afternoon !
lol this is almost reaching Elon Musk level glazing . To the moon we trust leessgooo . Not gonna chance it this earnings report though . NVDA having real trouble breaking 130 resistance since the stock split .
Is it at 6:30 pm ?
your right . let's hope it's not one of those lol
yea but he didnt preplan the show and make an appointment to set it up it was the explaianation necessary after the unexpected outage
Thats just crisis communication 101
You ’ ve got me excited . I bought right before the splits so I ’ m about even right now . I was too stupid to have not purchased more at $ 90 per share . My bad .
It has been a long wait for earnings .
Hard to forsee an externality that was going to drop the stock that much
Are you for real you believe that ? Wow we really are at the top
The communication issue here is that you're an investor and you're talking to overleveraged gamblers .
Go down , i buy , then go up
It matters what the stock does between now and Friday does because I have August 30 call spreads and we only need a relatively small move to make bank . Long run , I have shares and leaps . The long run matters most but I still want the stock to go up after good news .
Buy in September . We will see 98-110 in September .
I have a little cash , 2100 shares and my cost basis is $ 71.XX . Just under $ 72
Should have closed my call spreads yesterday . They were up 50 %
yeh seriously . shit drop to 90 again . I'll wait it out . I'm in this
I have some spreads expiring end of week . That's the only concern I have about earnings . I'd prefer those are profitable . My shares don't care what happens tomorrow afternoon because I can hold them 5-15 years .
Today's 1m candles told a story of consolidation , not profit-taking . We'll see !
True . The thing is , yesterday , when I made that comment . I had a pile of spreads that expire August 30 . If we those spreads get hurt . Worse - I didn't have any cash in the account . It's my Roth IRA , so my shares are sticking around for a long time . If we go up and the spreads execute I have a ton of cash on Monday . I did sell some and take profits . So I will make money if we rise , and have cash to buy if it pulls back . I'd prefer it go up .
My Aug 30 $ 110C would be upset about a huge drop after earnings . My shares would dip , and that would suck , but I'm not selling them for 6-17 years , so in the long run , this report doesn't matter .
Yes . I'm not saying it will drop 12 % just that earnings could be good and the stock goes down because the market is gonna market
I'm hoping it goes up . And my Spreads get executed . I'm holding my shares until like 2030 or longer . So next week , the rest of the year makes little difference .
I'm saying earnings could be good , and the stock goes down because Wall Street does something stupid . There is also : Buy the rumor , sell the new .
Up to 80 % of daily volumes in the US are now algorithmic . So the computers will do what they want .
Jensen is a 10/10 type of ceo . The SBUX guy was a bargain basement 3/10 at best . I fully expect that the outcomes of a cnbc interview post earnings will be radically different for both of them . My guess Jensen will reveal something new in the earnings call and the cnbc interview will be a longer format for him to spend time just going over the new thing . That could be new partnership , a new chip in development , a breakthrough in some key architecture aspect that will see big benefits . Who knows , but it will be good . If the quarter was going to be bad news I would expect the interview would have happened several weeks ago during the carry trade unwind . Then the news would have a big impact but have just been another problem that week . He could have managed expectations by saying something like things didnt go well , but this is where things are going in 3-4 quarters . People would have been upset but the longer term investors would just snap up the discounted price and the short term folk would have cleared out . The stock wouldn't have popped in August , but the bottom for August would likely be the long term bottom and we could move on and up from there .
Yeah . But he was an idiot and an asshole . Jensen is neither .
If I'm not wrong , Starbucks ' CEO went to CNBC live . Well , there's a difference between going to CNBC Live and a planned interview which is posted one day before the earnings .
Lol hold up Starbucks ain't even on the same field as Nvidia . Not even the same ballgame . Hell it ain't even the same damn sport .
did Starbucks CEO sign woman ’ s boobs on camera at major event ?
Great counterexample
[ jensen signed tities ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/pics/comments/1d807fz/nvidia_presidentceo_jensen_huang_signing_a_shirt/ )
Thanks ! If Papa Jensen does what I think he's got planned tomorrow , I may get that indoor pool I've always wanted , too ! A couple of links outlining the things I think he'll highlight both at the call and during his Bloomberg TV appearance a half an hour later : 700 % - 1200 % ROI for their customers : [ https://www.hpcwire.com/2024/06/30/nvidia-economics-make-5-7-for-every-1-spent-on-gpus/ ] ( https://www.hpcwire.com/2024/06/30/nvidia-economics-make-5-7-for-every-1-spent-on-gpus/ ) Notable uses for their platform from the Annual Report : [ https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc\_financials/2024/ar/NVIDIA-2024-Annual-Report.pdf ] ( https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc_financials/2024/ar/NVIDIA-2024-Annual-Report.pdf ) Link to the Earnings After-Party : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcuwZ8zk2ng ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pcuwZ8zk2ng )
How much did you put in ?
It will be 6:30 somewhere .
That's kinda the point I'm making . Going on television can either be great for emphasizing the good OR crowd controlling the bad . We have no way of knowing what Jensen will say or what his motive for going on Bloomberg is until after the earnings call . Just being realistic not bearish .
Believe what you want man , I've already realized over $ 200k in gains so maybe it's true ?
I have $ 125 calls Aug 30 as well !
^ truth ! Historically , the market has always been worst during 2nd half of Sep .. i sold all my nvda exposure today . Planning entry if there is a dip below 108 . Entry matters
Fed rate adjustment may impact this depending on the timing . I made a killing buying in early / mid Sept last year , if it's earlier then it may reverse the sept trend , if it's late then it may double-up on the late Sept / Oct recovery gains
Im buying more at 90 , a lot more .
I was shitting my pants when it went down to $ 90 because I had a 35 % loss in my shares . It ’ s all recovered , but I wasn ’ t smart enough to have bought when it was that low .
It will print my guy I hope 🤑 Fuck u and congratulations in advance
riiiiiiiiiissee young apprentice . That's what i'm talking about .
Quarter was great . lol this is a joke .
That's a fair point . I don't think he ( lol ) I don't think he would make a prime time interview after a fucked up quarter . that is fair . That guy should have never went on crammer
so you're saying lattes are not tokens . hmmm . calls it is .
Earnings are 1:22 pm California , 4:22 NY
if people fail , earnings call is enough to express that
I anticipate anything under $ 110 being a buying opportunity . I am way too exposed and I ’ m just a little uncomfortable going into an election year with the possibility of an orange Ku Klux Klan member being in charge again . Earnings is a good excuse to take profits and September is time for a vacay
Why would you buy a stock and then shit your pants at a 35 % drop ? Have you got your entire net worth in it ?
lol what would you rather have Kamala Harris be in charge ? Trump is good for the market you know that ?
Interestingly enough , there is a gap to fill at $ 109 .
The orange guy who got several awards from the NAACP ? Or did you mean Biden who said he didn ’ t want his kids to grow up in a racial jungle ? Might want to clarify .
Except market has boomed and been hitting ATH under Biden and Kamala .
March 2020 was a great market 🙀 It ’ s also much more than the market . I ’ m A woman . My rights and control of my body are on the line this election .
NAACP sued trump lol
Sir , this is reddit , a far left circle jerk .
Lol how has it even boomed ? Look at the past 2 years . The market is up on anticipation of elections . Past 2 years inflation has been super high 😂 Get your facts straight https://x.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1828616319228391525?s=46&t=FWY2TrREhvcO6RKI4npGdQ https://x.com/realdonaldtrump/status/1826860162591908076?s=46&t=FWY2TrREhvcO6RKI4npGdQ
Lmao . Also would you prefer to have the unrealized capital gains tax ? The meaningless subsidies that kamala Harris will make by taxing wall street will undoubtedly cause the market to go up and corporate profits to go up ! ! !
Lmao study Covid
In 1986 he got the Ellis Island award and while not an NAACP award , clearly he was a media darling until he stopped being a liberal and switched to Republican . https://www.snopes.com/fact-check/trump-received-ellis-island-award-in-1986/
You said several , which was false . This award he got had nothing to do with him being an activist or anything . He got it because of his German heritage which is why he was recognized as a “ young German developer ”
He has other awards with his work with youth ? So I admit I was wrong in multiple NCAAP awards . But he ’ s gotten plenty and was a media and naacp darling until the libclowns decided he wasn ’ t one of them . Argue every award I send . I don ’ t give a shit . It ’ s plain as day that he was extremely popular in the US to everyone to include the black community and then when he ran for president , the left did their usual and called him a racist . They did it to Bush . They did it it Romney . Using racism with no grounds is the backbone of the morons in the Democratic Party . Bad thing is you cucks watch CNN and believe it . Just like they told you Kamala is great . You dumb fucks believe it .
Lmao . Brother you realize how ignorant you sound ? He was sued by the DOJ in 1973 for discriminating against black people . Then sued again in 1978 for the same thing lol . Dude has a serious history of racist remarks and actions . So saying “ using racism no grounds … dem party ” is obviously wrong .
selling all my options in morning , will just buy stocks I can hold from here on out . lesson learned .
This makes me even more bullish :)
https://www.cnbc.com/2024/02/20/nvidia-faces-stiff-test-in-q4-earnings-after-parabolic-stock-rally.html Here ’ s Gil in a 6 month old cnbc article with a neutral rating on NVDA and a $ 410 ( pre-split ) price target on NVDA . Imagine being that far off in your assessment of NVDA stock value and still getting invited on investing TV shows for your take . 💀 Dude should have a warning label pop on the screen when he shares his investment takes . Give it 2 qtrs of Blackwell revenue and today ’ s take from Gil will age like milk once again .
Bro never trust a bear
I listen to the call … Whatever issues they had were resolved , they ’ ve sent out hundreds of samples and testing in multiple environments with no issues currently to report . They expect to mass produce the new Blackwell chips and start shipping in q4 . Jensen was also pretty bullish that traditional cpu hardware is a thing of the past and Generative AI will dominate in the near future . He expects the world to spend about $ 1 Trillion to build out new data centers . He didn ’ t give a timeframe but I ’ ve read by 2030 . He also mention theres an arms race going on with big tech companies trying to be first in the market that offers a Gen AI cloud solution . He said it nicer but basically if you ain ’ t first , your last ! What all this means 🤷🏻‍♂ ️ However I ’ ll continue to load up on as many NVDA shares that sad , poor , and pathetic bank account will allow me over the next year or two .
Lmao that ’ s insane actually . When I was working at x hedge fund , my boss ( quant ) would always tell me : “ Wall Street is the biggest entertainment complex on earth . ” It ’ s all headlines and bullsh * t . All noise . Don ’ t listen to these bozos that are clearly doing their job .
Still picking the price to jump back up in the coming days after people work there way through all this kind of crap .
Bears will do what bears always do . They will keep trying to push the price down to scare us into selling it to them cheap , as they cover . UNDER NO CIRCUNSTANCE , you should sell tomorrow . As per this analyst clown , here is his prediction , from May 2024 : " D . A . Davidson analyst Gil Luria predicts a significant 28 % drop in Nvidia's stock price from $ 864 to a target of $ 620 over the next year . "
Ask pelosis husband
Jensen Huang looked pissed at that intro too , he kind of said it . Financial reporting nowadays is look at the stock movement and make up a reason why it's doing what it's doing . if they had some critical questions they should have done research and not just pull the blackwell thing out of thin air , because they think it's an interesting topic .
I actually join right after he asked that question and was wondering why Jensen took so long to respond back . I'd bet he was trying to not laugh about how stupid this guy is .
Bloomberg's negative / questionable commentary on Blackwell " missteps " is most definitely a low-ball manipulation attempt , and as far as I can tell , it was mostly responsible for the after-market drop to approximately $ 117 . Not only that , Bloomberg has repeatedly demonstrated this dastardly tactic in the past , too . Jensen personally assured the interviewer of the confidence he has in selling billions in Blackwell GPUs in Q4 but by then , the after-market damage was done . That Gil guy shat upon the Sovereign AI prospect from a high altitude , by simply dismissing the idea that Sovereign AI is also a market for NVDA . He has no basis in saying such a thing , when the CEO of the biggest GPU provider on the planet personally said that there is a sure market for Sovereign AI . Shameful , Bloomberg ... horrendously shameful . I will go so far as to say that a malicious , wilful intent to hurt the valuation of a company that may well be responsible for curing cancer and getting us off this rock is a sheer disservice to humanity .
These kinds of bears cry and stamp their feet if they can't quadruple their money overnight .
[ deleted ]
Just wait until all the short calls and puts are burned . I think 10 % was the IM so it ’ ll stay below that range until 2nd week of September I think
It ’ s a long term investment anyway if stocks drops it ’ s a chance to add more in portfolio at lower prices
if anyone still gives a shit about those " analysts " can only blame himself ... 99 % they just pick a random event and then spout nonsense about it . I suggest people just try to learn the business and the finer details and make their own judgment because I assure you most of those analysts have zero clue what they talk about
Good post bro . . . Thank you for clarification on what went on prior to Jensen being interviewed by Bloomberg .
I got 12/20 options and feel ok I ’ ll be buying more tomorrow , for now that ’ s what I ’ m thinking . Could change in the morning .
Just wait another week . It'll come up .
That ’ s because he knows there ’ ll be dumbass regards that will run with it . Create as much FUD as possible , lies and untruths are the ber way !
IDGAF ! ! I ’ m not selling anytime soon ! ! !
Gotta smoke them options . Always buy shares and SELL covered puts .
The analysts are mostly d ! pshits with agendas
[ removed ]
These bear made me miss out on half a mil .
I always wonder why women choose being stuck in the woods with the bear vs . the man .
In what world is there " NO BLACKWELL DELAY ? " In Q1 , Jensen said they'd be sampling in Q2 and they'd be ramp up in the 2nd half , starting in Q3 . Well now they're sampling in Q3 and planning on ramping up in Q4 . That's a 3 - month delay . Also , Jensen was NOT clear on what they expected out of Blackwell . " Billions of revenue . " What is that ? They just made 30B . Do they anticipate it will be 40B in revenue or will it be 15B in revenue ? Either way , unless you're trading options or you need the money short term , the takeaway SHOULD be they're just pushing the earnings out a quarter . There's nothing fundamentally wrong with Blackwell and Q1 of Fiscal ' 26 is going to be when they have the next massive beat . But I don't understand the " there is no Blackwell delay . " [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ) > [ Huang unveiled the Blackwell chip ] ( https://www.businessinsider.com/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-unveils-next-generation-ai-chip-blackwell-2024-3?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) earlier this year in March , but the company has been working on its production for some time now , he said this week . > During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , * * Huang said production shipments of * * [ * * Blackwell * * ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) * * will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . * * According to Huang , customers should have * * data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . * * > " We will see a lot of Blackwell revenue this year , " Huang said during the call .
Too many people are traders rather than investors . The fact is this type of alleged manipulation is commonplace throughout the market , bears are allowed to spew whatever bs just as bulls can blindly yell " to the moon " on everything they buy ( which I hate to hear because to the moon traders tend to buy on emotion rather than logic ) . This is honestly nothing , take a look into the chatter surrounding micro-bio stocks and biotech in general if you want to see real dark manipulation , it's like the opposite of crypto / penny stock pumpers . If you trust the company and their trajectory , buy and hold . If you wish to trade on it , buy more on the dips and sell off a little when the stock is flourishing , or just hold long-term . I have regularly bought NVDA shares over the past few years without selling a single share . There have been huge jumps and huge drops , this is the stock market . This drop is good news is you believe in the company and are investing for the long-run , just a discounted buying opportunity . End of the day if you are investing then it doesn't matter what happens in the short-term beyond timing your next purchase , it matters what happens in 12/24 / 60 months and beyond , and analysts have consistently raised their targets for NVDA , so take solace in that .
You know how they tell lawyers not to ask questions they don ’ t already know the answers to in ct ? Inversely , why would Jensen subject himself to the unknown narrative / questions . Kinda a big risk and the stock is paying for it . Rather , stockholders are . He gambled and lost .
I think we are actually clearing out the stock manipulation finally . We are now seeing real stock reactions , the huge greedy swings we saw months ago just don ’ t make sense anymore with a stock that ’ s fairly priced .
That was the last time nVidia saw 120-130 . already went up 10x expecting much more than this . Now should correct back to the range of 80-90 . Just think about it . Nvidia market cap is now larger than microsoft : This is madness bro . Correction has never been necessary more than this , no matter what the fan boys think .
There is no advancement in Blackwell processors it seems like they are making it bigger and cooling it externally and any other company can do the same thing thermodynamics is fundamental there is no getting around it . Also how can people invest in a company whose processors are clearly made overseas it is very high risk if something happens overseas geopolitically it will collapse NVDA Blackwell since it's cores are made in Taiwan .
I hold some NVDA and obviously want them to do well , but statements like " there * * * will be * * * billions of dollars of revenue from blackwell in Q4 " I take with a grain of salt .
Christ friend , sorry . It ’ s true - never hold options through earnings .
If you can afford to buy , buy this kind of stock . Long term investment and The pain is temporary .
I wouldn't if I were you . The price is going to rebound within a few days if not by EOD tomorrow .
If you are bullish , buy nvdx , not options .
welcome back brother . I learned my lesson a few years ago too
That guy must had so much in short up his ass to manipulate out of a loss
If stupid could fly , Luria would be a jet . Good post .
NVDA : The analyst with NVDA ’ s lofty Q3 2025 revenue forecast of $ 37bn , downgraded NVDA last month ? ? Pierre Ferragu , the analyst from New Street Research , provided the lofty $ 37 billion Q3 2025 revenue estimate for Nvidia and he … recently downgraded NVDA from buy to sell only 1 month ago . Not sure how Pierre can be the most bullish wall street analyst with $ 37bn revenue estimate and at the same time … be the lonely analyst that downgraded NVDA from buy to hold . If you ’ re able to interview him , I ’ d imagine many folks would like to hear his response ?
Sounds like the Gordon Johnson of NVDA
That ’ s insane . I could have done a better job
this . they'll always steer your wallet shy
That's why the question was " Do you trust a man or a bear in the woods ? " Bears aren't real men .
They're well known for stealing pic-i-nic baskets .
> Blackwell chips and start shipping in q4 What was said was ; " Blackwell production ramp is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter and continue into fiscal year ' 26 . In Q4 , we expect to get several billion dollars in Blackwell revenue " . Not sure we can jump to ' shipping ' from ' production ramp ' . There might be revenue but orders placed doesn't necessarily equal chips delivered .
And you keep hearing the same in different formats over and over again , from today's traders that say they are doing much better after turning off CNBC all the way back to Nicolas Darvas ~ 80 years ago ( his books are a MUST read btw )
for real . the only legitimate concern would be future demand falling which there is no indication that is happening any time soon . I don ’ t understand why like full production of Blackwell being a few months later than hoped is negative at all when they ’ re still basically making and selling the current stuff as much as humanly possible and still rolling out billions in blackwell in q4 . I really don ’ t get why people want blackwell so quickly , why would it being at “ full ” production slightly sooner even help them ? Why does it matter ?
PE hits 35 I am in .
[ deleted ]
I really think he was pissed
Not so long ago this idiots release a one month old ( at that time ) comment from Trump that he will charge Taiwan for defence , bringing all semis down . Hope they get some nasty and incurable disease
[ removed ]
Same for the bulls lol
On planet earth it doesn't exist . Literally a work of art
By Monday it will be fine if not by tomorrow it was a , great report and There's no delay
I think Jensen was legit pissed off by that whole sequence . Seeing gill just spewing nonsense was incredible
It ’ s clear that there was a yield issue and that they needed to make new masks and silicon to fix that issue . It ’ s also clear that compared to what they said last quarter , things have slipped by about 2-3 months . One could also say , they are sampling and shipping right now , but the volume is small - so they are technically correct that it ’ s shipping ( even if they missed the earlier anticipated ramp ) . But this means that the guide at the next earnings report will be much larger than the guide up this quarter . So long term , this is bullish . I wish it had dipped more so I could have bought more .
You're wrong . I think people quoting that yahoo article don't realize the author made a mistake . Jensen never said in that interview Q2 production . That's a ridiculous assertion that Jensen never said . Here is what actually was said as I have notes . I took impeccable notes . Never did he say in Q2 . Those words never came out of his mouth . The Yahoo article is misquoting that . In fact , he literally said revenue end of 2024 . [ https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA\_Stock/comments/1cyfkz9/jensen\_huang\_delivers\_definitive\_answers\_for\_the/ ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1cyfkz9/jensen_huang_delivers_definitive_answers_for_the/ ) " * * Jensen * * - ... Demand outstrips supply for the entire market for H200 and blackwell towards the end of year . " * * Jensen * * - we do our best for every customer . It is the case our business in china is lower than the levels of the past . So we have more supply for everyone else . Demand outstrips supply for the entire market for H200 and blackwell towards the end of year . \ * \ * \ * \ * Bonus - They will start getting blackwell money this year even though they won't be delivering it this year . This tells me , in conjunction with point 2 , there will probably not be any significant air gaps for years to come . Whatever analyst mentioned that was surely mistaken . Here's who wrote the article . lol - gee I wonder why it's wrong . She's not even an analyst . [ https://muckrack.com/erin-snodgrass ] ( https://muckrack.com/erin-snodgrass ) Oh and another article quoting the same dumb shit by non other than the business insider . Oh gee people that hate AI and all things OpenAI [ https://muckrack.com/britney-nguyen ] ( https://muckrack.com/britney-nguyen )
Fair take . I understand . BUT Gil Luria is RIDICULOUS about and trying to tear down the stock . The difference is that those biotech stocks you're speaking of aren't on live national TV ( CNBC , BLOOMBERG ) doing their dirty work . That ; ' s nonsense .
What ?
It was a very different Jensen than we'd seen previously . More ... tired , annoyed , short . Not as enthusiastic .
I see the clown show is in full effect
You ’ re getting downvoted cause you ’ re right . This sub is filled with immense amounts of copium . I love NVDA and it ’ s made me over $ 50k this year , but people in this sub treat the stock like the second coming of Jesus
GTFOH You are saying really nonsensical things
That's not the point , he's saying that THIS year production starts
expires on the 30th . longer I wait the longer I risk losing my ass
This is what I think as well . . . AHs is rarely reality on what happens the next day . This is particularly true of companies that knock it out of the park regarding earnings and revenue beats . Dollars to donuts it happens tomorrow , if not Friday .
painful as fuck brother
Yea no real concerns for me . The earnings were at the very high end of the estimates . Earnings and guidance were perfect , the earnings moves $ 4bil a quarter and earnings were up $ 4bil and guidance up $ 4bil too , so as expected . A drop would be concerning , the same is bullish as there simply isn't the capacity to increase that with their suppliers . The fact it hasn't slowed down is fantastic ( the percentage has decreased as they earn more now , but the actual dollar increase was the same as it has been for the previous 4 quarters ) . Margin down marginally but over 75 % is still incredible . I would not be surprised to see a different picture at open tomorrow compared to what we saw in after hours today .
[ deleted ]
Why are you here lol 😂 isn't there another sub where you can troll
stupid question but was Jensen able to see the realtime stock price during the interview like we were ?
The Deepwater's lex Luthor guy called this dump and also calling next week it will go up
Agreed … I think if the stock didn ’ t split this doesn ’ t happen .
Yeah . I'd agree with that . Just because it wasn't a GREAT ER that's going to send it to 150 doesn't mean the company has fundamentally changed . It's pushing things back . That's it . But you tell people that , you explain that lower margins and the fact that expectations for NvDA were SO high and they lose their minds . If you're in this for the long haul , no problems . If you're trading or whatever ... well , that's a good way to lose money unless you're one of the best in the world .
> You're wrong . I think people quoting that yahoo article don't realize the author made a mistake . Jensen never said in that interview Q2 production . That's a ridiculous assertion that Jensen never said . It's WORD-FOR-WORD from the Q1 Earnings report . Sit down . You're making an ass of yourself . You're going off YOUR write up over the ACTUAL earnings report and EVERYONE else's transcripts of the earnings report . And your ego is big enough that YOU still think YOU'RE right ? LOL ... https://qz.com/nvidia-blackwell-delay-analysts-second-quarter-earnings-1851632663#:\~:text=During%20the%20company%E2%80%99s%20first-quarter%20earnings%20call%2C%20Nvidia%20chief,chipmaker%20would%20see%20revenue%20from%20Blackwell%20this%20year .
Of course on a smaller scale but I think they just got me used to much worse ; legitimate companies with never before seen medical results being called scams , frauds , liars , thieves , etc . I think the main fact is NVDA is less likely to get grounded by this , i've had microbios drop 80 % in minutes and the stock trading halted because one scheming bear and his cabal of followers essentially did the opposite of the gamestop short squeeze many bulls did for no reason involving the stock . NVDA isn't immune to hate and will always receive some , but it has strength in numbers and the majority of analysts will follow the numbers rather than their emotions . I get it too , put yourself in the shoes of a short investor , if you want to see it go down then you'll agree with any hate on it , but end of the day the numbers don't lie . Short-term fluctuations have no impact on long-term performance . P / E ratio is a heavily-used indicator but the fallacy is it focuses primarily on the P & L rather than the Balance Sheet or Cash Flow , which are very important . The $ 50B buyback will help as it doesn't hurt the P & L but adds \ ~ 1.7 % to the P / E ratio by way share count reduction , granted it's an off-setting impact with the loss of cash , but few investors seem to care about that . I've spent my entire career in Corporate FP & A and while the P & L is the most important internally to run the business , you need the full 3 - statement model ( P & L , Balance Sheet , Cash Flow ) to really understand where a company is at all-in and where it is headed . Regrettably investors don't want to understand that depth of a company and will buy and sell based on a single indicator like P / E or RSI .
That doesn ’ t bode well for my ira .
He was like this with the Bloomberg bozo though
I need you to explain how Blackwell isn't delayed . That's just objectively false . When did Jensen say it'd be shipped ? Q2 and then in volume in Q3 , by Q4 , full Data Centers . Didn't you make a thread about this a while back after the SMCI report and I had to correct that one ? It's delayed . 3 months , they confirmed it .
He ’ s getting downvoted because his argument is just hand wavy and based on “ how it feels ” . Relative market cap size is irrelevant , it plays some role as a psychological anchor but it is a zero driver of stock value If someone is making a rational case on why Nvidia is going to be 90 I think a lot of people would value the perspective and potentially save some money , but his post was just sour grapes
I understand . Hopefully people think before it is too late .
What's your problem ? I lost a lot of money in this damn company I don't want others to suffer also . My observation is based on the engineering specs of Blackwell chip .
You already lost the moment you overpaid for an option that expires in 2 days
Lol why expiring on the 30th ?
Okay but at least wait for it to go over 120
Yeah , but this company didn't " knock it out of the park . " They had a good , not great earnings . To justify it's price , it needed \ ~ 31B and we knew the margins would drop a bit , but that didn't help . For the " Mag 7 " stocks , just hitting is not cause for the stock to grow . For NVDA , just beating isn't enough .
I sold 1500 shares I bought back 500 so far ✌🏻
Would have happened even if we didn ’ t split
I ’ ve done well long term but not so much short term . The problem with short term is you have to figure out how the company will do within the window and what the market expects in that timeframe as well . The company could do great by ordinary metrics , but if the market has extraordinary expectations - you are screwed short term even if you do well long term .
Well ... I don't think it's a larger tell or anything , just that this may have been a stressful quarter and he was a bit short with reporters . I think this stock will be at 180 next May .
That is a LIE . JENSEN HUANG NEVER EVER SAID BLACKWELL IS SHIPPING IN Q2 . Show me that write now and I will pay you money . I will literally send you $ 1000 dollars if you show me where Jensen ever said that .
Exactly . It's a once in a lifetime opportunity and just because these people choose to media crash the stock somehow it justifies their narrative . That guy literally said something that Jensen addressed as somehow not being addressed . It's just wild at this point .
how the market cap is irrelevant ? For a company with a speculative product , it must not worth than microsoft , it simply shows the hype . Without any of microsoft product your life sucks , but I can live normally without ChatGPT . Just think before jumping to respond .
purchased long call when stock was down to 98 during panic sell off . seemed like value at the time .
Bullshit . Give me a company that has 75 % margins ? Tick tock tick tock . . . still waiting . In effect , analysts were looking for " perfection " and there isn't a company on planet Earth that can do that . Also , bullshit on 31 Billion in revenue . Specifically , the expectation from analysts was * * Earnings per share * * : 68 cents adjusted vs . 64 cents expected * * , with Revenue * * : $ 30.04 billion vs . $ 28.7 billion expected . Where they fell short per numerous articles I have read is now they expect more than 75 % margins ( which was not noted by any analyst prior to this report ) . Making sense just isn't your thing , is it ?
Exactly . The other Mag 7 ' s dropped on good earnings . Nvda did not meet their whisper numbers ( which iirc were about 33b ) . The expectations were high , perhaps too high , and then there's the Blackwell delay , which adds uncertainty . The larger issue is tech market valuations are high across the board , and a time of year that is usually a down time for markets . That makes investors more ' risk-off ' for the time being . Nvda is a great company , but people have to realize that as much as they feel something is revolutionary , it takes time , and the market can be unforgiving .
You sound like a Teenager throwing a fit . I ALREADY showed you this when you started one of the 60 posts about this very subject . I corrected you then . > During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of [ Blackwell ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ) By the way , would you like to send me that money via cashapp or ... let me know how ?
So ... that 1000 bucks , you've gotten awfully quiet . I'm not sure why this is , I cited this , these EXACT words a month ago when you last threw this tantrum .
[ deleted ]
The market cap of major food companies combined isn ’ t even close to what Microsoft ’ s is , and many people ’ s lives would be more difficult without them . So should that be adjusted too ? That ’ s the logic in your reasoning and it ’ s just not how it works whether you agree or not . Market cap is irrelevant because the cash a company generates over time is what to determines market cap , not the other way around . And right now people as the price shows believe that the company can grow to generate enough cash to justify the valuation Like I said you can make a rational argument on why you think everyone is wrong , and if you ’ re right you ’ ll get respect and possibly rewarded for it too . But don ’ t expect the same coming here and just saying “ market cap is bigger than x it can ’ t be just because ”
But the jobs it will replace will be able to live without you too .
It was value at the time but the stock went from $ 98 --> $ 128 in 2.5 weeks ? Learn to take profits
NVDA did not fall short on anything . I think it is the herd of fund managers that are acting more emotional than your post is the problem .
Exactly ! !
If you're not getting this , I can't help you , but ... what were the margins LAST Quarter ? Tick tock tic tock ... over 78 % 78.4 % IIRC . I've been invested in NVDA since January of ' 20 . It's a GREAT company . What's been the growth rate ? In the past four quarters , Nvidia has posted operating earnings surprises of 31.6 % , 19.4 % , 11.9 % and 9.8 % So much lower growth and lower margins ...
They weren't THAT high , they were 31B , but ... whatever , they didn't hit . They are delaying Blackwell-regardless of the title of this post , and ... they'll be fine , but it's not always a straight line , as you're saying . I watched the stock drop ... what , 60 % in ' 22 ? It's going to drop a LITTLE here , probably stay in the 110-130 range unless there are other Macro events , Blackwell will ship and we'll be fine . Some of these people need to have someone else manage their money or stick to EFTs .
During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of [ Blackwell ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . To be clear . I did not hear that on the call . At all . Let me go back and check my notes because I have notes . Let me see if I am wrong . If you read the above statement , and why I doubt Jensen said it in this way , is that production systems in the 2nd quarter which is NOW they are delivering systems . Just not data center amounts of systems . So I don't know if there is a nuance there that was missed by the analyst . What Huang did say was this and I heard this . " We will see a lot of Blackwell revenue this year , " Huang said during the call . That is absolutely still true .
did you provide evidence of Jensen saying Q2 ?
Why do you guys just fall to extremes ? 😂
I do not see that . Name me somme of those jobs . Just repeating speculative media is not going to help . Jobs 😂 .
yes am full retard for thinking wall street was on my side
My guy . It's $ 30 BILLION - Tell me a company last year was serving up $ 5 Billion and the next is at $ 30 Billion ? You think margins are lowering . LOL . They're at the end of a product cycle for christ sakes . That btw is selling of the charts still . Blackwell will have much better margins of course . And to your past four quarters of surprise earnings holy shit their guiding up . Use your mind and think about that . Not only are they beating quarters but they are guiding up at the same time . lol it's a laughable at this point .
I know what the margins were in the last quarter , i . e . , I said that Wall Street's expectations wanted another ( unreasonable in my mind ) mirror quarter with margins at 78.4 % or better . . . Obviously , it is impossible for NVDA to keep on printing quarters where they beat the preceeding quarter . That's not going to happen going forward . This is what I meant by Wall Street expecting perfection . Also , are you so insecure that you down voted my response ? Chicken shit . . . I'd tell you to go screw yourself , but I'm pretty sure you'd be disappointed . Moron .
> During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , * Huang said production shipments of * [ * Blackwell * ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) * will start in the * * * * second quarter * * * and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . Yup . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ) EITHER WAY , how many times do I need to correct you now ? Fuck the $ 1000 , you're going to weasel out of that , but you KEEP spreading this lie and I don't understand it . I showed you Jensen Huang's statements FROM LAST QUARTER . I posted this EXACT link . So why do you keep calling JENSEN HUANG a liar ? There's a delay . It's clear as fucking day . They expected to have data centers of Blackwell up and running by Q4 and now they're just shipping in Q4 . You're wrong ... stop lying or ... interpreting this how you NEED to .
What ? What are you asking ? [ https://futurism.com/the-byte/sam-altman-warns-ai-destroy-jobs ] ( https://futurism.com/the-byte/sam-altman-warns-ai-destroy-jobs )
My guy ... you ARE the same person who I already had to correct when you INSISTED there was " no Blackwell delay . " Just ... all irrational takes . Either trolls talking about how it's a bubble or people who just create a narrative and then keep repeating it until they believe it . Tell me , is THIS still the Blackwell schedule ; > During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of [ Blackwell ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html )
I actually didn't downvote you , but it's telling how much you care about being downvoted . I don't know what to tell ya kid . They didn't have the numbers they needed . I posted on here a few days ago they needed 31B and guide for 34 to see the same continued growth . I'm sorry you got in late and you're down . You'll make it back if you're patient , but I suspect you won't be . I'm not sure who you're mad at though . Go scream into the mirror , " nuh-uh , " if you'd like . Oh , and the last number -31.6 % , 19.4 % , 11.9 % and 9.8 % is 3.8 % .
i downvoted you lol
Check my notes . I took impeccable notes . Never did he say in Q2 . Those words never came out of his mouth . The Yahoo article is misquoting that . In fact , he literally said revenue end of 2024 . [ https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA\_Stock/comments/1cyfkz9/jensen\_huang\_delivers\_definitive\_answers\_for\_the/ ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1cyfkz9/jensen_huang_delivers_definitive_answers_for_the/ ) " * * Jensen * * - ... Demand outstrips supply for the entire market for H200 and blackwell towards the end of year . " * * Jensen * * - we do our best for every customer . It is the case our business in china is lower than the levels of the past . So we have more supply for everyone else . Demand outstrips supply for the entire market for H200 and blackwell towards the end of year . \ * \ * \ * \ * Bonus - They will start getting blackwell money this year even though they won't be delivering it this year . This tells me , in conjunction with point 2 , there will probably not be any significant air gaps for years to come . Whatever analyst mentioned that was surely mistaken . Can you apologize now ?
Sam Altman 😂 😂 😂 Jensen 😂 😂 😂 😅 read from AI scientists not scammers
Yes , because he said again shipping revenue is Q4 . Nvidia can only recognize revenue in shipping quarter which has not changed from last earnings call . And production shipments are samples as he has confirmed again and ramp up means production going up . Last ER it was specifically mentioned that Blackwell revenue will be Q4 earliest . And it was confirmed yesterday again .
You are making a lot of assumptions , e . g . , I am way up on NVDA . Go check my previous posts if you don't believe me . I was actually about even in AHs , because I also own CRM ( which also announced earnings and excuse me for saying , " they knocked it out of the park too . " ) . Secondly , I could give 2 shits about you . Except , I wish I could invoice you for wasting my time . If you ran like your mouth , you'd be in great shape !
So you're too small of a man to admit you were wrong ? So YOUR " notes " and interpretation trump REALITY ? Of course ... this is why you offered $ 1000 dollars to prove you wrong ... you were just going to lie and go off " your notes . " > [ Huang unveiled the Blackwell chip ] ( https://www.businessinsider.com/nvidia-ceo-jensen-huang-unveils-next-generation-ai-chip-blackwell-2024-3?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) earlier this year in March , but the company has been working on its production for some time now , he said this week . > During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of [ Blackwell ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html )
In fact , it appears EVERYONE except for you got it wrong . > However , [ Nvidia ’ s shares fell ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-stock-blackwell-ai-chip-design-flaws-production-1851613133 ) earlier this month after a report that its latest [ Blackwell AI platform ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-new-blackwell-ai-chip-1851348043 ) is [ delayed due to design flaws ] ( https://www.theinformation.com/articles/nvidias-new-ai-chip-is-delayed-impacting-microsoft-google-meta?rc=5xvgzc ) , possibly pushing deliveries back by at least three months . During the company ’ s [ first-quarter earnings ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-earnings-q1-2024-1851494672 ) call , * * Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang said Blackwell would start shipping in the second quarter * * , ramp up in the third quarter , and be with customers in the fourth quarter . He added that the chipmaker would see revenue from Blackwell this year . https://qz.com/nvidia-blackwell-delay-analysts-second-quarter-earnings-1851632663#:\~:text=During%20the%20company%E2%80%99s%20first-quarter%20earnings%20call%2C%20Nvidia%20chief,chipmaker%20would%20see%20revenue%20from%20Blackwell%20this%20year . Can you admit you're wrong now ?
[ https://www.benzinga.com/news/24/08/40616711/nvidias-blackwell-gpu-set-for-q4-shipments-jensen-huang-confirms-mask-change-completion-and-incredib ] ( https://www.benzinga.com/news/24/08/40616711/nvidias-blackwell-gpu-set-for-q4-shipments-jensen-huang-confirms-mask-change-completion-and-incredib ) > Analysts had anticipated that Blackwell would start full-scale shipments this quarter , but Nvidia now projects “ several billions of dollars ” in revenue during the last three months of the year . Why did EVERYONE anticipate Blackwell would start full-scale shipments this quarter ? BECAUSE JENSEN SAID THEY WOULD . It's a quarter delay . Very simple .
I'm a scientist what do you want to know
Right . But this kid is arguing that there hasn't been ANY Blackwell delay . That it's on target from when Jensen announced it in Q1 and he's claiming this is market manipulation . There HAS been a delay . They were supposed to be shipping in Q3 ( with small shipments starting in Q2 ) . That was pushed off . That's all I'm saying . The next big jump in earnings won't come until Blackwell is shipping due to the difference in cost from Hopper to the B200 NV72 which is about a difference of 30-40 K per unit to 70K . They should generate 40B in revenue ( at least ) when Blackwell is shipping en masse ... but again , the only point I'm making here is that Blackwell was in fact delayed . I don't know anyone other than the OP who is arguing it wasn't at this point .
Bud , you're whining about me " downvoting " you when I don't care enough to . It was a good Quarter . It wasn't a " great " Quarter for NVDA . I'm not making an assumption , I'm stating that as a fact . You got too emotional and I don't have any more fucks left to give on this . Yell at the heavens that it's not fair that this earnings wasn't good enough to drive it up . I don't care . Edit-Oh ... and go check MY old posts . 5 years of Wrestling in the B1G , 20 + years overall , I run and have ran plenty ... but I'm not the one " running " my mouth now . I'm just trying to explain the reaction from the market to this earnings report .
It's the same information by another non analyst . However , [ Nvidia ’ s shares fell ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-stock-blackwell-ai-chip-design-flaws-production-1851613133 ) earlier this month after a report that its latest [ Blackwell AI platform ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-new-blackwell-ai-chip-1851348043 ) is [ delayed due to design flaws ] ( https://www.theinformation.com/articles/nvidias-new-ai-chip-is-delayed-impacting-microsoft-google-meta?rc=5xvgzc ) , possibly pushing deliveries back by at least three months . During the company ’ s [ first-quarter earnings ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-earnings-q1-2024-1851494672 ) call , Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang said Blackwell would start shipping in the second quarter , ramp up in the third quarter , and be with customers in the fourth quarter . He added that the chipmaker would see revenue from Blackwell this year . I think the missunderstanding here is the interpretation of what was being delivered in the Q2 which are samples . In the notes of the actual call he literally does say that shipments wouldn't happen until next year . But remember their quarter q4 is in 2025 . They most likely are getting revenue from the orders in 2024 which technically is Q3 . With all of this he literally said the issue was fixed in with the wafer print and samples are being delivered . LOL what is wrong with you ... like are you just not seeing what i am saying ? Is it me ? I think there was just a really bad interpretation about what was happening in Q2 . It would have been absurd to state it like the Yahoo person said it and this article frankly isn't much better . Again , I took literal notes . It's funny because I am starting to see a pattern . who are these people ? [ https://muckrack.com/britney-nguyen ] ( https://muckrack.com/britney-nguyen )
Oh I didn't the last sentence that website sucks . Analysts had anticipated that Blackwell would start full-scale shipments this quarter , but Nvidia now projects “ several billions of dollars ” in revenue during the last three months of the year . Bro I'm telling you Jensen never said that . I am telling you if people heard that they severely misinterpreted it .
this is incredibly bullish and matches with what he said last quarter . now , you're just proving my point . She this person writer actually quotes correctly . He further stated that customers are sampling Blackwell and the anticipation for it is “ incredible . ” He expects to start production in the fourth quarter . “ When I said ship production in fourth quarter , I mean shipping out , I don ’ t mean starting to ship , but I mean — I don ’ t mean starting production but shipping up , ” he stated .
Me too , help yourself .
Have you ever tried to reason with an Elon fanboy ? Same story here . Not worth it .
Wrong . I just provided 3 links , ALL citing Jensen saying they'd start shipping in Q2 . I like your little dance trying to explain Fiscal difference Q4 is in 2025 ... yeah , no shit . So why would HE say after Q1 that they'd START shipping in Q2 and have Data Centers up and running ON BLACKWELL by Q4 ? It's amazing how EVERYONE else is wrong ... but you .
So everyone misinterpreted exactly what Jensen said from the Q1 earnings , or you did ? Which is more likely ? Just say you're not paying the $ 1000 and be done with it ! I never expected you to admit you were wrong .
So Jensen is a scammer ?
LOL ... I hope I'm not the Elon fanboy in this scenario ! I think NVDA is great . I love Jensen Huang , my initial investment in this company has been returned ... 3000 % + ! But now it's a behemoth and it's just going to take a little while longer due to the supply constraints before you can expect it to take that NEXT step . Revenue from Blackwell should help them raise their earnings again . I don't think that should be controversial ... but I guess it is ...
I think it just how you interpret it . Again , q4n end is in January 31st 2025 . Right ? Can we agree on that ? He said , we will see a lot of blackwell revenue this year . this is what we are arguing about . [ https://youtu.be/1ZRC2Tv0rhI?si=2fKZ4OkjxTwU2axS&t=1734 ] ( https://youtu.be/1ZRC2Tv0rhI?si=2fKZ4OkjxTwU2axS&t=1734 ) the timestamp is 28:54 The CFO states blackwell is in full production as of Q1 < < < this is the confusing part [ https://youtu.be/1ZRC2Tv0rhI?si=2KOzQFWclblmB-p9 ] ( https://youtu.be/1ZRC2Tv0rhI?si=2KOzQFWclblmB-p9 ) timestamp 11:49 Jensen repeats it [ https://youtu.be/1ZRC2Tv0rhI?si=F0XNiZql4vWPkXD-&t=1640 ] ( https://youtu.be/1ZRC2Tv0rhI?si=F0XNiZql4vWPkXD-&t=1640 ) timestamp 27:20 Production ( full production now as in Q1 ) ( " we've been already in production for a little bit of time " - bad choice of words was saying they have already been in production . that was last quarter in Q1 . We know for sure " samples ' have been delivered in Q2 . We all agree that is true . Now , he does say there will be a ramp up on in Q3 and data centers stood up in Q4 . Again , Q4 ends 2025 Jan 31st . We agree that is true right ? That Q4 for Nvidia is in 2025 . So today , he said that delivery will be in Q4 - production ramp and delivery in Q4 . Now , will that mean data centers are stood up in Q4 . Maybe not . But will revenue from Blackwell be this year and by end Q4 ? Yes . In fact on Bloomberg he said there will be billions and billions of revenue of blackwell this year . The only thing that wasn't technically said is a production ramp in Q3 .
Anyone who claims : 1 - Broke the laws of physics 2 - Spent $ 10B ( the net income of a quarter ) on a chip 3 - Blackwell has the biggest chip is a fucking scammer , because : 1 - Breaking the laws of physics ? ! ! ! 🤣 2 - $ 10B = one Q income , so must be sued 3 - The biggest chip belongs to Cerebras This guy is a pure scammer taking advantage of people like you who has no knowledge of silicon or AI
Just stop . You're either lying or this is all over your head and I don't care . I explained it to you a month ago , you understood , now you're back to saying NVDA was never delayed and EVERYONE who heard Jensen say they'd start shipping in Q2 ( which he said not just at the earnings report ) they're all lying . I don't have the patience . You were so confident , you offered 1000 dollars . Now it's just " well , everyone is confused and see , fiscal year is not the same as the actual year , so ya know , I'm still right . " Bullshit . They took questions on the delay , they answered them and now he'll START shipping in Q4 . They will not have " Data Centers , " built on Blackwell in Q4 , that'll come next May after Q1 ' 26 . Not ... leave me alone as I can't stand a liar or even worse someone who's too weak to admit when he's wrong . I knew when you said $ 1000 , I'd just take an " ok , I'm wrong , " but you're too small for even that .
hate to shit on everybody's parade . Cerabas and Groq is a joke and you know it . they're even lying on their website . comparing H100 ' s lol . ok . NO - the answer to your question is NO . All these fools keep using memory to unlock speeds with is impractical and inefficient . Also , they have no clue what models will do next so it's a major after the fact architecture that uses llama because they have access to it . [ https://cerebras.ai/blog/introducing-cerebras-inference-ai-at-instant-speed ] ( https://cerebras.ai/blog/introducing-cerebras-inference-ai-at-instant-speed ) Couple things 1 . they are referring to a 70b param model that shoves an entire model onto memory . 2 . they are going up against h100 ' s which is a very old technology at this point . They make no reference to h200 ' s let alone blackwell 3 . Because they are referencing such a small model the pricing model they suggest would be radically different for a 400b param model and forget about trillion param models which are coming next . 4 . They're not being truthful about tokens per s . As of today this is Azure GPT 4o and GPT 4 mini tokens per minute # gpt - 4o & GPT - 4 Turbo global standard | Model | Tier | Quota Limit in tokens per minute ( TPM ) | Requests per minute | |: - |: - |: - |: - | | | | | | | ` gpt - 4o ` | Enterprise agreement | 30 M | 180 K | | ` gpt - 4o - mini ` | Enterprise agreement | 50 M | 300 | As you can clearly see 30 million tokens per minute is 500k tokens per second and mini is 833,333 tokens per second . So i don't know why they are referring to 20 tokens per second or their 450 tokens per second seems way off . maybe they mean million . Even if that is the case and 70 b would be more like mini it is way higher than their limit . On pricing which they lay out a 3:1 input versus output is fine the price would be for mini which is a comparable model is roughly . 10 cents ( input ) + . 20 cents = . 30 cents . Per million . for regular 4o it would be higher and let's face it GPT 4o is a far superior model than llama 3.1 3.33 dollar + 5 = $ 8.33 [ https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/cognitive-services/openai-service/ ] ( https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/pricing/details/cognitive-services/openai-service/ ) From this information what I can tell you is that what we just went over is pricing . it is not some guarantee for what a model produces per second . That shit is very random . What I can tell you is from GPT 4 to GPT 4 turbo to Gpt 4o the speed is dramatically better . GPT 4o mini is damn near real time . Take that for what it's worth .
there's no delay . go to sleep . tomorrow is another day . lol I enjoyed the debate .
But as a separate discussion I would like to have a conversation on the industry status .
I don't care about this irrelevant discussion . Point is that Jensen , possibly your boss , is lier / scammer .
Sure . Again , your ego over facts .
What's your question
No I'm just being practical . I do think he's right and this isn't a delay . Let's see when production actually ramps . If it's not meaningful in begging of Q4 or even late Q3 then yeah it was a , delay . But I'll say this . Those chips are insanely difficult to produce at scale . Rubin won't experience such issues because it will be more closely related . Give the man some credit
[ removed ]
He has said it was a delay . If it wasn't a delay , they'd be guiding for about 40B next Quarter . I don't know what in the fuck you're babbling about . There is absolutely ZERO question there ' a delay . When asked about a delay , they explained the WHY , didn't say they're wasn't . You , simply put , don't seem to have the mental capacity to take two sets of statements , " shipping them in Q2 ( which ... they actually did , but you won't pay up as you're a coward and a liar ) ... -> finding the production issues , NOT mass producing them in Q3 , instead pushing it back to Q4 . Only you live in this fantasy world in which there was " no delay . " And if you're just " being practical , " and there wasn't a delay in Blackwell , well , then I'd get out NOW as Jensen Huang is a huckster and lied about their schedule . That's the " credit , " you must be giving him . ( I won't even address Rubin ... almost every new supply line runs into some delay . This happened with Hopper , it happened with NVDA H20 chips , it happened with AMD not long ago ... You're just delusional .
All the numbers in your comment added up to 69 . Congrats ! 40 + 2 + 3 + 4 + 20 = 69 ^ ( [ Click here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=LuckyNumber-Bot&subject=Stalk%20Me%20Pls&message=%2Fstalkme ) to have me scan all your future comments . ) \ ^ ( Summon me on specific comments with u / LuckyNumber-Bot . )
Ok now you're just lying . The world knows he didn't say it was a delay . You say something at the end I agree with 100 % . Every new product inevitably has some delay . I agree with you . I know that's true . That's exactly why seeing production ready units of Blackwell last quarter ( samples ) was so amazing . And that's why selling and delivering Blackwell to customers in the 4th quarter is such a feat because that means he kept his word and there's no delays . Still not seeing any delays . Q4 people get Blackwells . No delay .
He was asked about the problems with Blackwell and he addressed them . Q1 he said they'd start shipping in Q2 , they'd be in full delivery in Q3 and building data centers on Blackwell by Q4 . You're the ONLY moron left who doesn't think Blackwell was delayed . That's it . JUST you .
$ 2.43 at originally 105 shares so about 10k . I was like you and 20 at the time .
That is very nice
We used to talk about NVIDIA's advancements , strengths , sales , AI on this subreddit and data on why it's worth or not worth investing in NVDA . We've now devolved into comparing positions and dick / breast sizes . Mine's pretty small ... around 40 ¢
4,000 shares at 3.09 is my lowest lot . Total is 14,000 shares at 9.77
You know you're showing off . But , well done . That's freaking awesome !
$ 0.35 from 2012 ... regretting not reinvesting dividends ...
Very nice . My first purchase was 5 shares @ $ 191 ( $ 19 ps ) in 2022 . Sold 3 @ $ 376 ( $ 37.6 ps ) and then realized I fucked up and have been accumulating since . Currently have a little over 200 shares w / an average of $ 670 , or $ 67 post split
It is a good thing to get into NVDA early , but it is also important to add to your winners .
A true holder . Congrats dude !
I had $ 9 . Then realized profit recently . $ 1.3 million + in profit . I reinvested it . And use about $ 250k of it for daytrading now . I do a combination of investing and trading that I call trade-vesting .
You are king of the hill . I wish I had a story like that to tell verses a novel about stock losses .
2k shares @ $ 8.16 here !
1000 stocks at $ 3.23 average atm . Got for about $ 6k in May 2017 . Now it is $ 257k
My first block : $ 0.014 The second block : $ 0.026 June and August of 1999 .
Congrats . Why didn't you buy more though ?
$ 2 avg . bought in 2015 and been trimming along the way so only have 200 shares now
You got me . 2000 shares at $ 6 . Nice work .
Man I thought I was doing well with my 1002 shares at $ 19.06 . Nice job 👍
$ 0.41 back in 2009 ( and after many stock splits )
Split-adjusted , Nvidia was $ 0.45 per share in 2014 . This [ image ] ( https://www.stockfinancepro.com/media/jh5hgpbz/nvidias-growth-story.png ) tells the whole story .
Bought as my very first stock trade at 18 years old , $ 1k worth . Was convinced NVDA was the future of computing seeing how all the PC building community was going all out for Nvidia and engineering CAD programs recommended GeForce . Post splits , $ 0.31 per share . Sad I didn't tell my parents to throw down , could've been generational wealth right there .
75,000 @ $ 3.29 .
. 71 per share factoring in the spilt . Bought 1000 in 2016 . And it hasn ’ t disappointed since then . Perpetual buy mode for me !
WTF . Me sitting with a $ 120 share average . In NVDL though
putz
Great job ! ! ! That's impressive I thought my 24 dollars was but only had 10 shares Now I have 500 . So I'm glad I got into NVDA in 20
I got some from 2009 . But I sold them in 2009 . :(
16 pre double split . So roughly 0.4 with current share ratio
lol I think you ’ re winning this one haha .
Sure , my standard brokerage has 4k shares @ 4.48 .
I thought $ 30 was good ! Wow !
~ $ 1 here . 2016 gang
Jensen
$ 3.52
Me wishing I held on to the $ 2,500 worth of NVDA stock I bought in 2019 … . Shit woulda been a down payment on a house
when did you buy ?
I have more realized gains , but not a lower average . Made $ 215k since May and ready to cash in again this earnings season . Cool numbers though .
3dfx wants to know your location
$ 13 x 100 began in 2021 and DCA from there .
i wish you bought more
520 shares @ $ 12.40
Who's has ? Who has has ?
I thought mine at around $ 12 a share was good . Nice work man ! Congrats !
Bought and sold many times over but currently $ 18.10 which is at highest cost per share by far I ’ ve ever owned .
Mine is zero . I get them for free . Trust me .
25 shares at $ 101.40 😂
Dang mine is at 7
$ 0.19975 price adjusted 2 splits ago from 2010
If you're screenshotting it's time to sell !
Amazing !
0.18 for me
Dahm nice man ! I bought in at 2022 right before chatGPT because I knew Nvidia would dominate ML . 70 shares @ 32.51
I invested $ 10k in 2017 at $ 4.54 ( split adjusted )
Shit I got it at like 70 pre most recent split thought I was good
Are you factoring your average before or after the split ?
6 isn ’ t lower but damn I ’ m proud of it !
Don ’ t be celebrating too soon as this is as much tax at sell event as a deferred tax account since the basis is so low .
You clearly got in very early . Why haven't you added as your thesis has strengthened ?
Are we flexing ? Are you selling contracts or are you just having that many shares just to have them ? If it ’ s the latter than you are not doing anything special ! I have almost 600 shares and I ’ ve been selling covered calls every week ! Max out your potential with that many shares !
That ’ s awesome ! !
Thanks man ! I always believed in the company ’ s products and leadership but definitely aware luck played a part in those gains . I want to let my shares ride another 5-10 years unless fundamentals or something big changes . I know there ’ s people out there with average costs below $ 1 and can only imagine their gains
Lets see Paul Allens average
I'm still doing that . Also , nice .
Mine ’ s pretty small as well … or were you talking about NVDA ACB ?
Holy shit rob
Time to diversify ?
Username checks out . Rollin indeed
Funnily enough , their dividends are shit , so unless you had 100s of shares , probably wouldn't have made much difference
How can one be so smart and so dumb at the same time lol
2k gang checking in ! Got mine at $ 14.14 though
I was 18 years old when I started buying Nvidia in 2016 so I didn ’ t have more money to throw into it unfortunately . I put all I had saved up which was a little less than 5k . I had sold 300 shares recently to pay for some unfortunate medical bills but I ’ m trying to not sell any more if possible .
do you keep those shares ?
Great for you too man ! I ’ ll bet that original investment was a ton to you like it was to me .
First 1000 shares in ' 20 for ... IDK , a split-adjusted 4.88 a share . Haven't touched them , done a thing . Those turned into 40,000 . Had I listened to my friend ... I'd have gotten in-in ' 16 for under a dollar a share ( again , accounting for splits ) but he convinced me finally . Added another 1500 before the split . Didn't do the match , but \ ~ 480 , 680 , and 250 at 770/820 So 55,000 and I think I'd put in \ ~ 600 total maybe ? Oh , and I just bought 550 more shares . Owe interest and penalties to the IRS on Sept 5th ( Federal ) . About 10K , so ... I figured I'd roll the dice on seeing 150-160 before then and making a little profit . The same person who put me on NVDA , TSM at 80 a share , AMZN at 87 , MSFT at \ ~ 240 , now he has AVGO as his # 2 AI play ( he also suggested trimming Alphabet at \ ~ 180 ... I waited until 160 ... not sure why I don't just listen now ) .
I don't know what ACB is
4 dollars worth dividend reinvestment in 2014 is now worth over $ 1k . It wouldn't have been life changing , but it would have been a car's worth of money .
Lmao because I was a senior in college trying to scrape it together for spring break
Health always takes priority , sorry to hear about that . Thank your younger self though , great buy in .
What made you buy nvidia 8 years ago ? As opposed to other stocks ? Are you only in NVIDIA ?
Do you have an exit strategy ?
Haven ’ t gotten them taken away yet
Dude , can I start following you on reddit ? LoL I want you to give me your friends stock tips , I'll try them out and let you know if they are safe 🫡 Deal ? 🤑
Average cost basis
lol respect ✊ . U never really had a choice
Sell
very nice
Sure ... well , as I said , AVGO . # 2 AI
Oh . 40 ¢ per share is my cost basis . I did one giant lump sum back then . Haven't added any more NVDA since then .
Nice . I have mine around 11.70 , after the 1:10 stock split . Bought 10 @117 a few years ago after the 1:7 stock split .
I think you mean 4:1 stock split . [ There's never been a 7:1 split . ] ( https://companiesmarketcap.com/nvidia/stock-splits/ ) Regardless , congrats !
Tell me why this is good in your reasoning please
NVDA to 420.69 $
So I have a slightly different take here . The fact that open AI is doing another funding round tells me they have something to show investors ( the big money folks ) . A new WOW from GPT 5 or similar will be a tide that lifts all AI boats , including NVidia
So nvda will pay openAI so they can give that money back to nvda .
Perhaps OpenAI show these big whales what chatgpt 5 can do .. and everyone wants a piece of the pie .. remember NVDA began to make big money when chatgpt 4 came out .. chatgpt 5 could be the next bump to 6 trillion dollars !
The show goes on ! 😤
Idk why but when I saw this i immediately thought of the Cleveland Show episode where Cleveland tells his younger self to buy apple stock but he misunderstands it as apple sauce resulting in his cupboards being filled with apple sauce 😂
Looking forward to the OpenAI ( if it happens ) and Anthropic IPOs .
So many bears saying its the top . They been saying that for a long time now 😂 . They'll be right sooner or later but I don't see that being now .
Not that deep . OpenAI is losing too much money . They've gone to their buddies ( big tech ) and have asked for some money . NVDA has good reason to help them because NVDA of course needs all others to adopt AI to sell their hardware to them . If OpenAI goes tit's up ( unlikely ) NVDA will be just fine . But NVDA is better off proping them up for now .
I seee this and next thing I see is a dip ... not falling for this ! I love nvda but I am not falling for news anymore
Roundtripping revenue ?
Someone posted a picture … must be true
No way uncle sam
For real ?
I thought OpenAI wanted to build their own custom chips by working with Broadcom …
I want to add Microsoft
Are we tho ? Still falling like a mf .
I don't know anything about the tech side and AI . Other than what I read . Another poster ( not sure the group ) made a comment that lay people like me / investors believe AI and LLM's ( ? ) are years and decades away from being able to learn as quickly as the so called experts believe . I'm not sure I'm even saying this properly . My impression was that LLM's need to learn from making mistakes to learn from . Wish I could find the post to make sense of what I'm tyring to say .
You don't seem back 🤣 🤣 🤣
This is BEARISH
Imagine MacBooks and iMacs with Nvidia parts
Nice
This is old news , no ?
I am so happy I bought 100 shares on Friday and did not sell , this is the news and opportunity of a lifetime
This news make me more bullish on Google by the way .
My Ira would welcome this .
Finally our 130 calls will moon … . right ?
as someone who knows a thing or two about AI , OpenAI is the last place I ’ d wanna work with . They ’ re unprofessional and getting less innovative by the day . Their new AI model ( 4o and 4o mini ) , was hyped as an upgrade , but it ’ s actually worse than the old one . And that Sora project they ’ re all excited about ? It ’ s no better than the free and open-source LunaAI , which only took a few months to make . Seriously , LunaAI is just as good and it didn ’ t take forever to develop . OpenAI doesn ’ t have any fresh ideas either , just rehashing and upgrading their existing models . It ’ s pretty disappointing . I sold half my NVDA shares after hearing this crappy news .
Well there goes 500 contracts down the drain 😭
Already excited about the NEXT ER ! Holding long and strong !
Oh no ! Articles I ’ m seeing is bailing out OpenAi from bankruptcy ! People can see this as AI makes no money . This could be terrible news .
Openai is using Nvidia to train its models . Apple investing implies they're throwing in the towel and admitting that their internally developed models cannot compete with the ones trained and run by ChatGPT on Nvidia . By investing , Apple also implies relying on ChatGPT may not be temporary , but could be longer term . Apple shot themselves in the foot by refusing to work with Nvidia to develop their own AI IP and now they're far behind on frontier models . Nvidia may provide a portion of the investment as GPUs . With a 75 % profit margin on their servers , each dollar invested only costs them 25 cents .
Opening ai
It say AI . That mean stock go up . R u stupid ?
Bc we are so back
Open ai will literally cure cancer using h100s . Jensens NW will eclipse gdp of America
OP bought OpenAI stock .
Apple probably use Foundry from NVDA as a way to train ChatGPT . This can be a way to advertise to other big tech companies what they are missing out . Thus , new orders in the future .
That ’ s what Microsoft did with Azure credits . Given that Nvidia has a 75 % gross margin , that ’ s like getting 4 dollars of equity for every dollar you put in .
maybe openai will use the money to use ai to make more money making other companies see and invest in ai ; it is like a battery company investing in electric cars to create demand for their product
If Apple and NVidia are involved the chances of OpenAI going bust are between zero and nothing .
Now that ’ s exactly the kind of thinking that would have walked out on pre-ipo equity deals at companies like google , Facebook , Amazon … . etc
OpenAI losing money is not a good thing , it shows investing in AI is a fools errands and none is making money out of it
This is not any news ! This one is big !
OpenAI is a research company , they depend on the investment .. they are not bankrupt at all ! None of these big whales will invest that amountbof money in a company that is bankrupt !
Well more so that it would be more of a shift from their own AI that runs on Google chips to openai's which runs more on Nvidia chips . And an Nvidia investment may help ensure it stays that way .
> implies they ’ re throwing in the towel … A more optimistic conclusion is that Apple is investing in OpenAI in addition to their own models . At Apple ’ s announcement of AppleAI , they had mentioned that they ’ d fall back on ChatGPT for off-device inference . > Nvidia may provide a portion of the investment as GPUs . I ’ m unfamiliar with OpenAI ’ s infrastructure . Do they use vendor-supplied machines ( E . g . HP / Dell ) on premises ? Or do they use custom builds like Meta ? I can see how Nvidia supplying only the GPUs might work in the latter case . Come to that , does anyone know what Apple ’ s AI model training infrastructure looks like ? They ’ re not using Google ’ s Tensor cores or something , are they ? Edit : Whoever ’ s downvoting : Appreciated , but could you address the argument , please ?
Apple dropped the ball on EVs and now AI . Kind of reminds me of INTC in recent years .
lol this is why I have long term put options on Nvidia , most of the people investing here don ’ t have a clue about AI
lol i am so convinced
This is so inarticulate that you sound uninformed , ( possibly inaccurately ) . Who is “ we ” in this equation ? The announcement of investment in OpenAI is good news for OpenAI , but they aren ’ t publicly traded yet . In your eyes , how does the _announcement_ of this investment help Nvidia ? Try , _try_ to apply some thought to your posting , comments , and investments .
You think other tech companies still don't know about Nvidia ? Lmao
Net is nvda chips for equity . And having openAI go bankrupt isn ’ t going to be good optics or good business .
You obviously don ’ t understand how many companies lose money and how long they do it . Facebook wasn ’ t profitable for 5 years , Twitter wasn ’ t profitable from 2010-2017 and then went on and off of profitability until Elon took over and sunk the ship . Very common for tech unicorns to not be profitable and they often are for years .
Technologies develop tracking an s-curve where costs are high early on performance is low and it inverts at the latter part of the curve over time . It ’ s nothing new and it ’ s the pattern behind all tech companies that ’ s why investors keep piling on . This isn ’ t selling Coca Cola cans here
Any news this big one is .
[ removed ]
Sorry , I meant they were throwing in the towel for the large frontier models , not smaller ones . Agree that they're going to keep developing edge models on their own and maybe some medium size ones . I believe Openai uses Azure , whose cloud is part of the MS investment for OpenAI . I'm speculating that Nvidia could make their hardware available indirectly through that . Apple has gone out of their way to avoid using Nvidia , so they're using their own hardware and Tensorflow . [ Apple Using Google Cloud Infrastructure to Train and Serve AI ( hpcwire.com ) ] ( https://www.hpcwire.com/2024/06/18/apple-using-google-cloud-infrastructure-to-train-and-serve-ai/ )
Good luck with those long term puts ... lol
[ deleted ]
Too many greedy quick rich people here . It's obvious to see the top was here for past few months and the bubble is slowly deflating
Doesn't mean there are no competitors , and how NVDA can show case that their Foundry is better than their competitors .
😂 😂 😂
Thanks for the clarification . Sorry , I think I misread your comment . And thank you for the link to Apple ’ s AI setup .
If your colleague optimised runtime by 100x thanks to chatgpt it means that they are not very good at what they were doing , doesnt really show that chatgpt is so great because to improve it a 100 times the code must have been terrible to begin with
Short term top , It doesn't seem likely to be a long-term top . AI , llms , and data centers need a lot more compute / gpus than they already have .
Nvidia doesn't have any foundry what are you talking about !
Why do they need more ? Are they making any money ? Or just following the hype ? You think Nvidia will continue to maintain their near monopoly market share ? There's various examples of top bubble buyers never able to recoup their money years after and company is still doing fine . Stocks are forwar looking and in this case also fueled by normies FOMOing the top of a bubble
https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/ai/foundry/
Yes because their making money and also trying to win the race to have the best AI which will be the ones that make the most profit in the future . Apple will be a commodit if they aren't a top ai player ,
The hype is continuous . There're barely any AI application companies on the stock market , since most of them are either Seed or Series-A right now , and the space is thriving . AI chat application is only a small , singular piece of it that got popular because it's B2C . When you look at enterprises , many of them probably haven't even closed their AI-related POCs yet .
Never gamble what you can't afford to lose .
Congrats on being part of this round of wealth transfer
I'm sitting on 130 for the end of SEP , and the end of DEC ... those may be good . The ones for 25 hours from now ? yeah those are smoked .
Depends on the expiration date lol . The 2026 $ 130 call peeps are probably not even sweating .
My 125 8/ 30 call is toast . Effed around near earnings , . found out ...
Yep , and then next week it will shoot up to $ 140 + 🦍 the Market Manipulators wanted to fuck all the retail investors trying to get rich quick .
Absolutely
That ’ s why they say Do shares Not options !
Smoked . Did you even look at the delta on those calls before you bought them ? Even the $ 120 calls I sold only had around a 64 % chance to be ITM . Your calls were probably 50/50 at best . I bought $ 105 calls and sold $ 120 calls . I got out this morning with a profit closing the spread for $ 14 when I bought for around $ 11 . I didnt hold all day because it looked like it would drop off but I was expecting it to be more tomorrow and not as much drop today . I made around 25k off my spreads , but I could have easily lost 100k if the stock dropped off a cliff . Whenever your dealing with a crowded trade expect the IV crush to happen and for a bunch of people to bail so the plummets . So take that delta odds and reduce it a bit . If you aren't comfortable with those odds perhaps step back a tad on the risk , or just buy a few shares and DCA . I know everyone in this subreddit loves the stock , but people need to manage expectations about price . It is a highly volatile stock and it will burn you if you expect it to always go up during a specific window of time . So buy the dips , dca , and stay away from options unless you have a good grasp of how it plays out typically .
That was quite the optimistic bet ...
190 call for 9/4 here . FML
Yeah ! Toast !
It ’ s safer to cross the street blindfolded .
I was listening to a podcast with a couple of option pros who were talking about call options around earnings reports and how only amateurs do that . Vega will get you , no matter how good earnings are anticipated to be . They said they take a break around earnings time . Now I see what they are saying .
###What do you mean ' Our ' ? Did u assume after each ER the stock wil keep rising ?
I bought some 130c 3 weeks ago and I had multiple opportunities to take profit . I played ER now they are toast .
Zero doubt
I think that is a reasonable assumption .
If it ’ s expiring on Friday then most likely
Yes .
Up a nickel after hours !
Depends on how far out your calls are . With nvda , we could be at 130 tomorrow . Who know ?
My $ 130 CC look great .
if you bought 130 calls at 7.00 like some , then it's really a 137 call to break even , so yes .
Toast will be your dinner for a while
You guys are the problem .
Stop gambling .
He had NVDA for 3 years . This is nothing compared to the stress form years ago . Hold and move on . Of course we all would love it to get to 150-200 right now right now . Expect a slow climb .
Fellow Robinhooder ...
Yes , it ’ s very safe to say that sir .
I just sold mine for $ 1.92 🤣 😂 🤣
actually thinking about buying some out options . I think competition will cut into their profits going forward . I don ’ t think it will suffer that much because they have a lot of cash on hand
It ’ s been toast
i lost 99 % of mine should i hold ?
My options expire 9/27 . How fucked am I ?
No , ‘ are ’ toast
I go one further and say annihilated
I about to buy more .
I like the stock . I buy 1 for $ 117.55 . Gonna go piss on my neighbors newly planted impatient flowers now .
Yes , see you at Wendy's
Damn I ’ m waiting on 123 for tomorrow 😂
If it is expiring tomorrow , yep , no chance .
I bought mine with a few extra weeks til expiry just in case this happened . Still need a bit of a push , but not out yet .
Not in reddit . You say anything bad about NVDA , you got fucked .
Hopefully , that ’ s a leap . Like a long leap
Aw Nvidia I will never do options with you again ... ( says every week )
I ’ m buying 130 now
Most likely yeah , but I dunno about safe , tbh anything can happen .
If you bought them with one day expiry then definitely but if it is in future then it shouldn ’ t be a problem
Glad im selling puts
lol thanks for selling me those calls . Collecting premiums every week . Easy money .
Is this the student loans guy ?
Yes
Always buy expiration at least one week after earnings .
130 was a reasonable strike . things didn ’ t turn out in your favor . don ’ t know when ur exp is .
* are toast
My 132 short call looks like it ’ s in great shape …
Let me guess they expire in a few days ?
I bought a $ 125 weekly call this morning when it looked like it was going to turn green . She ’ s probably dead now unless the market rips tomorrow
Pretty safe to say that .
Double down
Not just toast , complete burnt
Wait 2 months .
Bye bye
Glad I sold my $ 150 calls last week . Lol
Don't worry . I lost 60 % of my portfolio trying to trade SOXL as a cheaper alternative to NVDA and my calls were toasted by open . I just sold today for the loss before it gets worst tomorrow .
i reckon it ’ s time
Yup .
Rip
Poooffff toast 🔥
I didn ’ t see a expiry ? ?
lol buy the dip
not if you sold them
Nah that ’ s like $ 140 break even so , nah .
I bought $ 135 calls for $ 1 and sold for $ 4 a week ago . The writing was on the wall with this one . Anyone who could see it deserves what they got .
I also bought $ 135 and I ’ m sad about ut
It ’ s safe to say that your calls caused this
I don ’ t understand why people are still buying NVDA with its P / B and P / E ratio out of the roof ( not mentioning other ratios ) there is a point where high prices are to high — is what I would ’ ve said if gambling wasn ’ t one on my multiple hobbies ( I have only 1 )
I have never understood what options are . I just research , buy shares , and go on with life
Aftermath of mainstream media trying to buy into the hype . It was already priced to perfection .
Tomorrow it will be skyrocket wowo
Anyone buying weekly calls into earnings at 190 % IV and 3T cap ( highest in history ) deserved to lose their money . Take it as a lesson .
Stop gambling . I've held NVDA for years and don't spend my days thinking about it or placing bets . You'll sleep better at night .
Toast on jelly
When do they expire ?
I wouldn ’ t worry too much , if you still have time on the options . They have great earnings , but not good enough for HFs . Anyways , unless they have to further delay the Blackwell chips , some good news will be released , and the stock will likely reach 130 or more likely surpass it .
Ya the 115 puts are screwed too hahahahahs call in manipulation call it bad luck call it simple economics but the sell gang fucken killed it this week .
I always buy deep in the money calls 1-2 years out . Always paid off .
If you own a leap ... then that's good . If it expires in two weeks ... you're toast .
Hold NVDA for the long haul .
Depends on the expiration date . If tomorrow , yes !
I was looking at the options chain before earnings and saw all the OI on $ 130 / $ 140 calls . I knew at that point the stock was cooked . It was so obvious what was going to happen but we were stubborn .
There is another correction coming . And please pay more attention to macro news .
I have $ 110 call options for 1/17 / 25 . Am I fucked ?
I have 8 $ 118 option calls that expire on Dec 20th . Bought on dip to 102 . I wanted to sell on big day yesterday but it didn ’ t happen . I still feel okay .
Yes , if expiry tomorrow , 8/ 30 .
Pretty sure NVDA is kaput ... cisco 2.0 coming right up ...
I spent my life savings yesterday .. bought stocks . I hope I can recoup , at least it wasn ’ t options !
Depending on the expiration . Unless it ’ s tomorrow .
They screwed you over yesterday and played with your emotions today . They will screw you over in September again .
Hopefully we could get to 150 at the end of Dec
End of September are also screwed , they are just gonna lose value every day while Nvidia fluctuates around 120
But you can also buy them on the cheap .
Bought the 130 ’ s at maker open for 1.2 sold them at 2.5 . Worked out for me .
My 130 18/10 and 140 18/10 feels pretty toast at the moment , but I'm going to hold for a couple of weeks in the hopes of clawing back towards break even .
yeaaa .. i shall be going to Wendy ’ s Open Interviews at 2pm now .
better than a 190 put I suppose .
I want to see that loss number to help make me feel better about shedding my 137 call today
My man why the fuck did you buy 65 dollars out of the money ?
Those would have been very cheap to begin with
Which podcast ?
To infinity !
I feel your pain . I did the same thing and was up a few thousand dollars , but after earnings , I ’ m barely breaking even .
TIL : Reddit hive mind is a counter-indicator .
100 % agree with this statement . The upside is , play stupid games , get stupid prizes .
How so ? By exercising the right to buy and sell options ( or any other financial instrument ) according to their own needs , assessments of marketing conditions , and appetites for risk ? ( Hint : That's the essence of the market . Traders , speculators , * and * investors – they * are the market . *
Got the Fed meeting on September 18th . You may be good .
Why make the position if you don ’ t know how the current state affects you ? Silly people here .
If you're holding the stock , just keep holding . You'll be fine .
Look up how to sell covered calls
lol can I understand your mindset . What did you lose ? What did you want to gain ?
Who is they ? Nobody screwed anybody over . We make our own choices .
Exactly . If your options are 09/20 expiry , they will definitely screw you near expiry .
We should . This was much needed correction , the ER set real expectations that AI market is slowing down and margins will decrease so don ’ t expect high ER next round Good correction for investors , likely to $ 110 to cool off and then we ’ ll see a rise to $ 150 within 6months
Doesn't matter . it's a zebra . no decay of extrinsic value . I don't think we'll trade sideways for a whole month
I can get a bag lady to spit in my face for cheap too ...
Hmmm well you might be able to break even mid September . We have to get past today and next week where a lot of options expire . But honestly I wouldn't get your hopes up 😅
a 190 put is in the money
It's called Options Bootcamp . It was the episode on mistakes beginners make ... and doing naked calls around earnings was one of the mistakes that they hammered on ... it rarely goes how you think it will
And beyond !
Yes ! Up till this earnings we were all praying for 140 … but now all these bozos decided to buy $ 130 calls that expire two days after earnings … we will not see $ 140 this year
You buy all these calls and whatnot without realising the big guys will screw you over at some point . Congratulations , they screwed you over on the day of earnings
That ’ s the plan now ! I ’ ll only lose if I sell now . I ’ ll hold out
Holding isnt always the answer . There is no guarantee a stock price will continue going up .
Or just invest ...
8k Today :( 120k to 112k
With Billions of dollars , you can manipulate price movements .
Was about to say , did the invincible hand just took a look at WSB and thought fk these guys
There are people on the other side of these options , often with many many years of experience
This is hardly a correction , after still being up over 140 % YTD . I hate to say it , but this reminds me a lot of what Tesla did , the stock price anyway , back in 2021 . Obviously , a short squeeze helped propel Tesla up and sentiment wasn ’ t near what it was with NVDA . That is one thing that worries me , though . What if the $ 140s are an ATH for 3 or 4 years ?
if someone sold a 190 put though , wouldn't the owner on the other side be able to sell them the stock for 190 ?
Thank you
I wouldn't be that doom-and-gloom about it . The bozos will be flushed out and the true value of the company will ring through . I'm a long holder . Days like today aren't fun , but they're a LOT easier for me to look at than the bozos .
You're just completely , 1,000 % wrong . There is no market making conspiracy . Millions of investors use calls and other synethetic instruments successfully for speculative or risk management purposes . Options traders are * not * the problem ; they are one of the essentially ingredients of a fully functional , highly liquid , extremely efficient market . The OP here made a bad options trade . That's on him .
Show some grace man
Sounds like a FOMO YOLO You shouldn't yeet your entire life savings into a single volatile tech stock , hoping to make a quick double or more . Honestly by the time everyone knows about a stock usually the party and thus the short term rapid gain fun is over Just hold and you'll be fine but consider putting 75 % of that into a s & p 500 ETF and you'll sleep better at night
Just a heads-up : September is historically rocky across the board . Lots of profit taking and loss harvesting . So just ignore your holdings for a while .
You will be fine . You chose a good stock to be a bag holder with . The earnings were fantastic , algos will catch up eventually and will rebound .
The thing with stocks is that you NEED to have a long-term mentality for it . I mean , even for 5 + years . You WILL face a lot of dips in the upcoming months and years , but those are the opportunities to spend some money ( not your entire savings or entire paycheck each time ) in buying the dips and holding longer . AI is still developing and Blackwell will make this go up more . Not just Blackwell , but future equipment from NVDA . Again , you need to just hold and buy the dip . I would not sell anything until AT LEAST 5 years later . NVDA might be past $ 250 or $ 300 by that time .
It ’ ll be back to ath by EOY if not earlier
Just be glad this isn't some shit rando company like a GME or something with no plausible future or means of being a company of tomorrow . Be patient and don't panic . Your money is in a good place , just stop watching the movement day to day and forget about it for a couple months until you see some insane news about OMG NVIDIA S-TIER GOD EARNINGS .
They already invested lol I ’ m helping them lower their cost basis .
Did you sell ?
Those are many and they also compete with each other . It's not as rigged as it appears .
Let me get me crystal ball and have a look for ya
They would ’ ve had to pay lots of premium for it . Would you give up your 190 puts for nothing ?
We play the waiting game and they play the money vanishing game
You ’ re in a bubble of denial … option traders are the problem . Buy and hold . Stop gambling . I admire stocks that cannot be gambled with .
I cannot with all these gamblers .
I ’ m glad I held since 2022 , but now I ’ m wondering if I should consolidate into a tech etf if it ’ s going to continue to be volatile and either lag the sector or at best trend at a similar pace .
> consider putting 75 % of that into a s & p 500 ETF You realize like 60 % of the S & P is volatile tech stocks right ? lol It's been just as volatile as NVDA
Honestly very stupid of me tbh .. I just hope I can get it back and will go back to my mutual funds . Get paid > invest and forget .
This man speaks the truth .
Yep Vegas is better . Just walk into the casino like a boss and put it all on black ! All ya got to do .
That's about the only good thing about this which makes me feel slighly better .. it's a good company , good things will come I am assuming . It'll be really hard not to see the stock performance day to day but I'll hold regardless ! :D
No , still got hopes
I thought people were using diamond balls now .
Yep , play stupid games , get stupid prizes .
You're actually doubling down on your ignorance . No one is saying * you * have to trade options , but buy-and-hold investors * greatly benefit * from the actions of options traders . I guess you're right that I'm in denial : I'm denying 100 % your assertion because it is wrong .
The best tech ETF is QQQ . Just keep buying as much fractional and whole shares with some money each paycheck . It always goes up so much . Even when it had those crashes in the past , QQQ quickly soars back up . Those crash dips are always golden opportunitues to stock up on it and go to sleep peacefully knowing it will quickly go back up and reaching new all-time-highs .
Not sure if I'd call it AS volatile ...
I thought the whole idea was diversify so never more than 5 % in any one stock or etf . And make sure the etfs don ’ t cross over too much .
Just hold . During the last major dip I lost all my gains . I held and I ’ m back to above baseline .
You have nothing to worry about - it's shares and you'll get back into the green side of things . Might be next week or it might be in a couple weeks but you'll be fine Just hold
Sir this is a casino
You never lose anything until you sell
Yea . You didn ’ t lose anything . Keep your mind set for the long term and not on gambling
Let ’ s not shit in his hand and call it chocolate , - it could be months , hell it could be years if a downturn kicks in .
Might also be years or never .
Will do ! :)
No offense but are some of you fucking regarded ? It's not $ GME or some meme bs ! It's NVIDIA . The entire world economy is clamoring for more of their product to propel themselves into the future . There could not be a better place to put money than $ NVDA IMO . And Remember , AI gaming and digital humans is riiiight around the corner . NFA .
Lmfao literally how I ’ ve felt for like two years now 😂
Why not eat both ?
Definitely not everyone . Most people are Zen as f . There are a few Weak Hands Reddit clowns who sold their grandmother to go all-in at 130 and are now pissed because 🔴
Only up 24,900 % now after the " sell off " , aww damn what am I going to do ? !
Been holding since 2004 . Might as well keep going
Me
My mood , when I got $ 110 ’ s call options expiring in 2026
loool facts .
What do you consider a long term investment ? 1 + years ? 5 + years ? 20 + years ?
What is this Gunther 🧐
[ My man ! ] ( https://tenor.com/view/denzel-washington-training-day-smoke-gif-22279308 )
Took me a while but I'm there now .
Not going bankrupt , but that doesn't mean that the stock has not been overvalued for a while now .
In my opinion the Nvidia gpu craze is similar to people buying smartphones . Everyone initially bought one but now most people don ’ t see the need to upgrade .
So I just woke up to see this . What's missing from this cartoon is the empty bag that Bugs may end up holding when the money manipulating this stock decides it's not worth running it up again . Because whether you completely realize it or not , this company just posted positive earnings and TANKED . If it were the first one in the business I could shake it off , but it's not . What that tells me is semiconductors are being manipulated across the board . Because the behavior of the stocks is no longer commensurate with the results of the businesses . That's VERY dangerous to be involved in . Because you're not really investing in companies anymore . You're investing in the whims of either one very large trader , or a collection of them all doing the same things to the point of manipulation . Well , to be more precise , you're investing in the whims of an algorithm . What's a trading algorithm ? A digital sociopath that will do whatever it has to do to accomplish its goal , which is making money . Up to and including destroying the companies and / or other investors involved . So yeah , I'm still holding . I have to because I traded to the point of $ 124 . So I did pick up some money out of this thing , and I'm not giving it back . But I NEVER expected this or any other stock to flat out TANK on positive earnings . Usually just MEETING the street will produce a nominal gain , but the worst a stock normally does is stay flat . Nope , not NVDA . It TANKED on earnings BEATING the street . I took that as a canary in the coal mine . No , that's not an invitation for all sorts of blibbety-blah rationalization about folks expecting more than street estimates . Which folks ? Because the money moving this stock isn't coming from a Schwab account . It's much more than likely coming from the people publishing those very estimates . I \ * HAVE \ * seen this before . The first time I noticed the behavior it was a little slower . It was back in the 90 ' s , right before \ * \ * \ * KABOOM \ * \ * \ * . No , I'm not saying that's about to happen here . But what I am saying is that it's even worse . Because to some degree human behavior can be understood when studied well enough . The technology doing the trading today doesn't work that way . Hey that's just my 2 cents . If you feel differently then that's fine , do what you have to do . That's pretty much how the market works .
Bag holders it is 💪🏻
Nvda P / E ratio is 80 ! 90 % of their sales come from data centers switching from cpu to gpu . What happens once all the data centers have made the switch ? Seems they are overvalued by 4x
Same here . As long as I stay focused on the big picture all is well .. 😀
Looking good Billy Ray
Yes
Providence my friend 🫵 👁 ️ 👄 👁 ️
Long term > Short term
" The mean historical PE ratio of Nvidia over the last ten years is 50.14 . The current 54.44 PE ratio is 9 % above the historical average . Over the past ten years , NVDA's PE ratio was at its highest in the Apr 2023 quarter at 146.05 , with a price of $ 27.75 and an EPS of $ 0.19 . " https://fullratio.com/stocks/nasdaq-nvda/pe-ratio#
99 % of the gain we ’ ve seen in the past year is not from consumer gpus being sold
As a developer this is my thought exactly . If you were looking at the price when the flurry was happening it jumped up and down like crazy . You could clearly see the algorithms at play .
To me this looks like TSLA all over again . Everyone was convinced EVs would be the future and now look at it . Is AI the future ? Probably , but it may not require expensive data centers .
If this is true , by the time they have made the switch wouldn't the original set of hardware be older or require upgrades / replacement which Nvidia would provide ?
> What happens once all the data centers have made the switch ? Nvidia goes to zero . / s good luck man !
Yup . I'm just sitting over here with multiple positions at over 300 % gains , rolling my eyes .
You a real one Gunther 👋 🥹
Applying P / E ratio to cyclicals is a big mistake . You don't know when the earnings will stall , as at some point , Nvidia's concentrated customers will have sufficient chip capacity to continue their AI efforts , and custom chips for custom ( no CUDA required ) use-cases .
Works the same way for companies . When they have what they need , you ’ ll see the growth in decline .
... and I'm an IT guy with around 25 years in , lol . WE see it . MAN I hope congress sees it too and starts creating legislation to govern this stuff . Because if this wild west scenario continues we're headed for a situation that will make the 2008-9 financial / mortgage crisis look like getting short-changed 35 cents at Wawa .
EVs are the future , but if the CEO of Tesla goes full idiot , then it is no surprise if the company does not as well as it should .
This is a good post . A lot of what i feel as well . And nvda and ai is probably not something i would just set and forget for 5-10 years . The field is a complete unknown at this point to do so .
Well to be fair it would be a totally different type of adoption , right ? Consumer demand with basically an ideological value vs . primarily b2b at the early stages and a very real bottom-line business value that companies are chomping at the bit for . But EVs will be adopted when they're ready . I'm about as conservative as they get and when an EV is put out with a battery that matches my longest straight road trip which would be about 1400 miles , and doesn't cost up to or sometimes even more than half the vehicle price to replace , I'm in . In fact the biggest problem for EVs these days is they got TIED to ideology . If they were marketed better with respect to self-driving features they might pick up a whole new breed of workaholic as a customer . The biggest problem for NVDA is a problem most businesses only wish they had . Keeping up with demand . The biggest problem for the stock is the business results seem to be getting more and more disconnected from it .
👆 This guy data centers
Nvidia not only provides the hardware but also provides the software and the support , they will be just fine .
Sure but why would the companies purchase that hardware in the first place if they don ’ t plan on using it for years ?
which ones sire 😳
They won't because the more compute they get the larger models they try to train with the compute . ChatGPT took months to be trained in 2021 . The same model could be trained in 10 days on Blackwell . But Blackwell again will be used to be trained on models which take months to complete . And then in 2 generations GPUs will be fast enough to train the Blackwell models in 10 days and the cycle will continue . That is the nature of compute and has been the case for decades . What many don't understand . Accelerated computing and AI is at the beginning and ramping . It's basically like tradition computing in the 90s which saw huge performance gains from generation to generation . Of course , you could continue use your old compute HW but the new HW makes it obsolote quite quickly . You can run your DC with 10000 Amperes for one modern model or you can install 10000 Blackwells and run a much larger model or 10x the modern model on it . If competition does that , will you risk not doing it ? Why do you think all Hyperscalers talk about the risk of underinvesting ? None of them will cry , the arms race stops now . No , it will stop when the performance gains from generations to generations will be less impactful . But that will be interesting because Nvidia is improving not only chip but data center performance . The real performance gain of Blackwell is also in the whole data center compared to Hopper .
by the time they have what they need the next upgrade is already being created ( blackwell ) and they ’ ll be drawn to that upgrade because of the better performance and increased efficiency , so then they start upgrading , and then the cycle repeats
Tesla had the same demand problem for a brief period of time .
Intel has sold CPUs for data centers for decades . Don't you think some old CPUs have been replaced ? Typical replacement cycles are 3-5 years depending also on performance of new systems and that is the critical part . To give you an idea . Any old GPU from 7 years ago would outperform any modern CPU easily on any AI compute with > 10x or more performance . But the same GPUs are totally useless today compared to modern GPUs . For example , the original ChatGPT was trained on 10000 A100 over several months . The A100 is 4 years old . Compared to this , the same training on 10000 Blackwells would have been just 10 days . Will you continue to use your 10000 A100 if you 500-1000 of the new GPUs are equally fast and competition buys that ? Or to see it in another perspective . If you're a gamer , how often have you switched GPUs in the 90s / 2000s compared to today ? And why more often back then ? Because there have been leaps in performance and SW . The same applies currently to AI . The leaps are huge from generation to generation so 4 years old AI accelerators are jut really bad compared to latest generation . It's like you would compare a Geforce 2 to a Riva 128 . Sure , you can continue to use Riva 128 in 2001 but oh well ...
There was something in the investor presentation that many missed , you should check out this post : https://www.reddit.com/r/LocalLLaMA/s/VAQYOTRIuh The exponential curve for Blackwell performance increase as advertised is misleading , because they compared at different floating-point precisions . You can't keep dropping the precision . But that said , let's say Blackwell is better . It's a dangerous game to extrapolate innovation just because of some other innovation in the past , e . g . consider the [ miniaturization limits for GPUs ] ( https://epochai.org/blog/predicting-gpu-performance ) . The hyperscalers talk about the risk of under-investing , while at the same time , acknowledge that they're over-investing . Can't imagine this will be the case forever , these are some well-run behemoths that will reach a run-rate pace of investment in this technology . Besides , not everyone will be a winner in AI end use-cases so some players will be dropping out of the race . ROI on capex will be a big deciding factor here . The obsolescence argument can be applied both ways . At some point , companies will try to make the existing HW work rather than pour yet another hundred billion dollars into the newest GPUs , when they just did the same thing a couple of quarters ago . I'd argue that the ramp-up phase for Generative AI is * now * ( ± 2 years ) . Besides , Amazon , Alphabet , Microsoft , Tesla etc . are working on custom chips for their own large use-cases . Even if Nvidia continues to dominate the long-tail of AI workloads , the large ones may be customized away , which will hurt Nvidia . All that being said , I agree that Nvidia has a great future ahead . But in investing , there is too high a price to pay for a great business . If you're assuming that generation upon generation of hardware continues to improve significantly , all the customers continue to spend heavily on each generation ( and accelerate spend ) , and there is little-to-no-competition with wide margins , that's pretty much pricing the thing for perfection .
You don ’ t know that for a fact , no . The big companies developing in-house GPUs specifically for the needs of their clients may not even need Blackwell in the meantime if Hopper can do the same tasks until their own GPUs can make their clients happy . This is not like with iPhones where the companies will throw out their current GPUs every single time Nvidia developes a new one . AMD will also be competing , and will be offering their GPUs at a much lower price . Amazon has started offering AMD ’ s GPU solutions as well , which are much cheaper . Many companies will choose cheaper solutions if they can do the same tasks unless Nvidia lowers their prices and miss out on their margins .
Oh I now . I was trading it . That's one of the TWO issues I had with TD Ameritrade over the 20 years I was with them that caused me to call them . Their desk couldn't get me TSLA to short , lol . I watched it go down like 300 that week and missed the whole thing . I was more disappointed about Rivian , to be honest . I had their stock for about 6 months . NICE vehicles , but they can't seem to run a business . Tesla should really consider buying them up for the intellectual property value .
[ deleted ]
No they aren ’ t admitting that they are overspending . They said the risk of underspending is much worse than the risk of overspending . Risk is the key word as in they don ’ t know yet but they would rather spend money than wait and see . If they knew they were overspending then they would stop . To knowingly overspend is a bad business decision . The only way that they will know if they overspend is if the whole thing flops and they lose money in the long run . No one will know until then .
Well the thing these GPUs are largely used for is training and running AI . Yes the large hyperscalers will upgrade with each new gpu because it saves them money to be more efficient , same as the clients . It ’ s not until the technological enhancement in new generations of chips starts to slow down that it will make sense to just make do with what they have and skip a generation . Also as large language models continue to get larger they require more and more computing and once again it saves them money via power consumption ect . to upgrade vs just add more of the current generation . They aren ’ t a consumer that can just be happy with their current iPhone because it checks most of the boxes . They need to be competitive and stay on the leading edge of compute until the AI infrastructure either is fully built out or the hype dies down to the point it makes no sense .
they are 2 different things with different functions , they will never replace each other
Smart response , this was a small part of my comment though , there were a bunch of other points I made ... Feel free to refute any others . Broadly speaking , my thinking still remains , even if AI is widely successful , I simply cannot imagine a sustainable state where Nvidia maintains earnings of > $ 100B / y , year after year ( assuming a run-rate P / E of 25-30 with a valuation of $ 3T ) .
The switch from lots of negative news to positive articles all within the time between two ERs , is almost comical .
Alright folks BOA is loaded to the gills . LFG
Step 1 : Propagate bad news about Nvidia and make it look 10x worst then it actually is . Step 2 : Coordinate with big investors to initiate massive sell off , get the nervous investors to sell everything at a loss . Step 3 : Purchase the sell off at a much lower price . Step 4 : Start seeding good news about Nvidia eg top stock for repurchase . Step 5 : Massive influx of new investors who regret not purchasing earlier at a much lower price . Pump up the stock price before earnings call . Step 6 : Sometime after Earnings Call , rince and repeat from Step 1 . Make huge profits each time and heard the sheep to loose their gains once again .
Written by Julia Hyman . She really knows how to pop a story .
BofA loaded up at the dip . Nothing to see here .
" Rebound " stock . Too funny . Even with this measly correction to $ 90s , NVDA had EXPONENTIALLY KICKED ASS ON OTHER EQUITIES TO THE TUNE OF 400 % INCREASE . Next . . .
Sounds about right … so HODL until you are at your horizon date .
Y ’ all realize half these articles are probably written by AI right ? The irony lol .
Nvidia seems to carry the market but never gets any boosts from other stocks
Imagine saying a stock up 137 % YTD , is going to rebound 🤣
Nancy Pelosi bought more NVDA on 07.26 . 24 . Between $ 1mm - $ 5mm . She did the same back on 06.26 . 24 . She ’ s loading up dollar cost avg down
I just buy and hold . Easy peesy .
Who gives a dick what BofA thinks
BofA has never backed off their buy rating .
Wish I would have bought more . Next dip I ’ m buying
What does one pack for the moon ?
Going out on a limb here for them after seeing the stock rally 15 % . Give me a break .
Calls after earnings 🙏🏼 🙏🏼
They are leading the herd to why they want them to do . Buy and sell as it benefits them .
Funny how a processor can be classified as an AI chip when it performs the same functions as processor . Maybe more horsepower but in design the same . Complete HYPE and it will be proven in time .
BofA ?
Oh we're positive now ? whoooooo ! This sub is less emotionally stable than a lot of newborns ..
LOL means time to get out
I wanna boofa BOA .
For sure - it ’ s like night and day change in news and sentiment in just a week
FUD phase is over . Time for FOMO again
Only a week late too ( due to surprise bad jobs report and Yen carry-trade unwind ) , otherwise same exact timing for low point ~ 1 month out of earnings . This has happened multiple times in a row now , with peak hitting roughly 3-4 weeks post earnings . Just by looking at the chart and learning this pattern I sold a chunk at $ 140 in June and recently bought back in under $ 100 . This time going in on NVDL and watching it rip like crazy . Might very well be like this into 2026 . We ’ ll never beat them folks , but we sure can join them :)
It ’ s the sheep game coming
If that's not big finance market manipulation , idk what is .
One change to step 6 ... Only the sheep who are able to be scared out of their mind will lose during the selloff ... Or those dicking in options and don't know what they are doing . We who have been HODL since ~ 2020 ... Going to do just right . Wouldn't mind on the side tho ... Dabbling in some options just a couple . 😂 . However my NVDA long holds are gonna be a OK and immune from BofA moves
very small chance retail is impacting price discovery on nvidia . if everyone is DRSing their shares , maybe .
As we veteran investors called it time and time again . But there was no shortage of posts here about selling and getting out and thinking they were smart about it .
I ’ ve been saying for a couple days now that if we actually had a regulated financial system they would be opening up an investigation into that anonymous Blackwell delay rumor . Could not have been more perfectly timed for the pattern of a low hitting 1 month out from earnings . And media just ate it up no questions asked . Already seems to not even be an affecting issue , someone made billions putting that information out , easy .
What a small brain thinks big brain is .
Kuddos to you sir ! Hat down ..
👆 👆 👆 💰 💩
So 10T marketcap ? Lol
This is still a dip , the stock will most definitely hit new highs after earnings , my estimate is $ 160-180 before the rinse and repeat kicks back in . By mid 2025 we ’ ll be well into the 200 ’ s . At $ 116 you ’ ve missed nothing . But could see a small short term dip in coming days , I don ’ t think we ’ ll ever see less than $ 100 though , that was a very rare occurrence as the earnings pattern coincided with a larger market sell-off based on a single slightly worse jobs report and yen carry trade unwind .
GPU vs CPU
Bofa deez nutz
BOFA deez nutz
You know it is crazy times when the person I heard saying this was just NVIDIA trading at a discount was Jim Cramer .
I'm so glad I was presented with an opportunity to load more up sub - $ 100 . :)
are we turning the corner ? !
Hope you're right but now that you've announced your intentions to the universe , it's bound to inverse , just to add a little extra comedy .
March 11 , 2020 !
Lol
I got more shares at 92
I think you bought the wrong stock 😂
To really fit into the sub , you now have to worry and sell it for a loss . Lol
Well at least Nvidia are making one person happy today . Enjoy OP !
Nice ! Have a laptop with 4070 coming tomorrow . Stoked for some Half-Life Alyx this weekend
should have gone for 4080 TI
Good , thanks for better next earnings quarter profit .
I just got the 4080 Super and I am thoroughly enjoying a replay of Cyberpunk 2077 . Enjoy it brother !
He made a smart choice by investing in the right stock . The GPU inside the Gigabyte RTX 4070 Ti is manufactured by NVIDIA , a company I ’ m also very bullish on due to my extensive experience with their products . Although there are other companies producing GPUs , I find NVIDIA to be the best in terms of processing speed and overall performance . I ’ ve tested AMD GPUs but didn ’ t find them as fast for data processing tasks . However , for CPUs , I exclusively use AMD for all my machine learning PCs , as I believe they produce the best consumer CPUs on the market . All my PCs for research use AMD CPUs paired with NVIDIA GPUs . It ’ s crucial to have hands-on experience with the products of the companies you ’ re investing in , and from my experience , NVIDIA and AMD are top-tier in their respective areas .
Cut your nails OP !
Sweet , hope it serves you well ! I'll probably wait a few more generations given how slow Nvidia's GPU improvements have been for the past years and how poor value their pricing has been . At least they seem to finally be adding more VRAM to their cards next generation , per rumors ...
Couldn't even afford the 4080 , what a peasant .
Thank you
let me guess ur white based on the color of ur hand
😂
How so that gpu is made by Nvidia by manufactured by gigabyte ?
… you now have to worry … LOL ! That ’ s actually the state of 90 % of us here …
Anyone who is worried about the price of a stock shouldnt be investing in the first place
Best game I ever played , by an order of magnitude .
I ’ ll save it till the 10 - K
i know he needs those booty-pickin-fingernails to scratch himself
Da fuck
Lol what are you talking about . The 4090 which was a huge improvement over the 3090 . Both which I owned . The 5090 is supposed to be almost 50 % better .
nah hes blue a ba de a ba da
What the fuck
You miss the joke ...
Stupid does better . Just hold till yrar end . Sold on news yesterday is nothing but a stock being a stock . 5 years rerire early with 300 % return overall
Pretty much [ https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/james-franco-first-time ] ( https://amp.knowyourmeme.com/memes/james-franco-first-time )
da bo de bo ba
would you care to explain id like to understand the joke
Keep the good news coming
She was one of the first to call 10T market cap by 2030 . I love her stuff I am not objective . But she does sound like she knows her stuff and is confident .
Oh for the love of God and all that is Holy , please let this be true !
So is she like DieselCock ?
With AI it Should be easy to back check all these analysts and come up with a ranking that automatically compares their track records
Literally nobody is surprised by this news .
I have 38 shares at an average of $ 114 / share . Should I just keep buying ? ? ? I want more
As long as the margin doesn't drop , this is good
[ https://io-fund.com/beth-kindig ] ( https://io-fund.com/beth-kindig )
Fingers crossed 🤞
ThAT'S some real good news .
Buy at this price or a drop again ?
so what does 55 % translate to as far as sales ? Are we looking at 200bln for 2025 ? That should imply at least a 5 Trillion dollar valuation on the high side . There is also rumor that NVDA will release a new gaming GPU in Q4 , or Q1 2025 . Still waiting to see how they can monetize with SAS beyond their data center business .
wow 40x fwd earnings . what a bargain ! !
Will it actually keep growing 50 % for multiple years ? Can the biggest companies keep spending half their income , tens of billions of dollars every quarter , on AI infrastructure ? That ’ s the big question . Anyone who thinks the answer is obvious is missing the bigger picture .
So does this mean it is a good time to buy call options ? I am beginner here
Already priced in
No shit they will raise capacity - it is already priced in
The cathie wood of nvidia , she is a fake person . she is playing a persona , and she is bad at it .
Who is Beth Kindig ? Does she have insider knowledge or is this just a guess on her part ?
Shipments are going to rise that much in 2025 because of the 2024 Blackwell delay .
A lot of air and hype in the stock price .
It touched 120 today so ...
Margin will drop eventually I ’ m sure , but really is nbd , earnings growth is more important
Buy
A lot
People who upvote this post are literally just grasping for straws
If you understood the title , it ’ s clearly not
Literally
Negative 👎
She is one of the top AI analysts and fund managers
The analyst who several years ago said NVDA would become # 1 market cap within 5 years .
The delay ended awhile ago
Oh , so earnings reports are categorized ‘ air ’ these days ?
The fundamentals say otherwise
Why are you an NVDA doomer . Your post history is interesting but you ’ re in an NVDA stock sub … . why be here if you think otherwise . You know you ’ ll get flak for everything
Do they feel like bags of sand ?
Man , you guys get salty about anybody saying anything other than this stock is going to the “ moon ” ! LOL ! ! This is wild …
Hmm , I just looked her up on Linkedin and she sounds like a total nobody . She works for " IOFund " which is a six person company which does nothing notable . Also she has no educational background which relates to tech at all . " Buddhist studies " from Naropa university . Now I'm a bull on Nvidia but this doesn't mean we should just blindly agree with anyone who says anything remotely positive , especially nobodies with no insider info .
I wouldnt say she's anywhere near the top . I was a subscriber and wasn't impressed . IO Fund's Elliot Wave analysis is the very definition of precision without accuracy . She also beat the drum hard on FUBO .
The news , it really is out there for you to read
She has been interviewed several times on Bloomberg , Fox etc . There are articles about her on Forbes and whatnot . She ’ s not a nobody and her projections about Nvidia has been spot on so far .
She's the CEO and lead tech analyst at IO Fund , which has gotten extremely good returns since inception around 4-5 years ago . Prior to that she was a tech evangelist in silicon valley , I think at Google ? I always listen to what she has to say . A few years ago she declared that NVDA would become the # 1 market cap within 5 years . When NVDA was falling due to crypto bust she said doesn't matter , her outlook is purely AI data center not crypto , doesn't change anything . Here we are .
She was the one beating the drum on Nvidia before nvidia exploded .
Meditators are well suited to the ups and downs of the stock market because the cultivate equanimity and seeing out of the box .
Yup survivor bias . Doesn't mean she's wrong , doesn't mean she's right either .
Survivalship bias means every stock that moons has a few analysts behind it who now look like geniuses . Beth is such a person for nvda . However if she truly could predict nvda would moon , she would be a billionaire on a beach and not working sell side at a fund .
I'll throw my ring in the hat for survivorship bias . While she has rightly been telling everyone that nvidia's going to go up , her actual analysis did not impress me so far .
IO Fund isn't a hedge fund , it's an information service . You pay them for market updates and analysis etc . You don't invest money with them . It's similar to something like semianalysis , you pay them like 500 bucks a year or something for more " in depth " articles and stock advice etc . Basically it's a much smaller , tech focused version of the motley fool . They are not a fund , etf , or some other financial institution , just a stock picking service basically . You or I could also make a company that does this and judging by their " returns " I would have outperformed them handily over the past two years .
She did predict it before it mooned , genius .
I've been following her for a year and back-followed her analysis prior to that and she's been pretty much spot on with her analysis from what I've seen .
I ’ m sure that ’ s her goal ; to impress you .
I realize that , but they do they maintain a portfolio with quantifiable returns .
TLDR . What ’ s their 3 year return ?
She wasn ’ t confident enough to turn herself into a billionaire tho
You did ? The only thing she really correctly predicted was that DC GPU was going to be a huge business . But that only a medium level call , all that needed was believing JHH when he's been saying it for years . More interesting would've been to call out the inflections and the usecases for it , which I think has been a miss as she was heavy into metaverse and gaming , which was not the mark . In that sense as you can see she doesn't really understand the industry just repeats what management says , as throughout the years pre 2022 JHH has been heavily hyping metaverse and gaming as well .
To clarify where I'm coming from , I have a list of reasons why I like nvidia , only a fraction of those she's articulated , and I think she's missing some key themes that I find important . I've also [ called her out ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1d2v0rg/beth_kindig_again_targets_10t_market_cap/ ) on what I perceive to be some weaknesses in her analysis . There are just genuine disagreements whether or not she intends to impress me .
3 year return is literally pinned to the top of her Twitter
That ’ s not how it works . To become a billionaire it requires capital .
3 or more years ago she said that NVDA would surpass AAPL ( # 1 at the time ) to become the largest market cap company . NVDA was trading at around 220 billion at the time and AAPL at 3 trillion . She's understood that NVDA's revenues would be driven by massive CAPEX spending from the largest companies , to the point where it passes all of them . She's followed NVDA's DC GPU segment pretty much exclusively , I haven't seen her hype their gaming or metaverse segment at all that I can recall .
you hated her we got it we got it ok ok agree 2 love NVDA though
Here's her being bullish on metaverse https://seekingalpha.com/article/4489201-nvidia-stock-how-to-value-the-metaverse DC GPUs was what JHH has been slamming on every GTC for multiple years up to her call about Apple , kudos to her for believing him but from an analyst I'm looking for insight that the CEO himself isn't telling me . I wouldn't put too much stock into her analysis , a couple of dubious calls that shows imperfect understanding puts me in the surviorship bias camp .
No I don't hate her lol . I like her overall she just doesn't impress me , as in strike me as knowing more than any other analyst like Dylan or Semiaccurate .
Ok ok ok
[ removed ]
Just watch in the sidelines . Let the big whales handle this . Just hold if you have shares
Nvda is not doing that bad for being an high beta company imho
Retail always gets left holding the bag ..
We also need to have money if we ’ re heading to recession . Can ’ t keep everything in NVDA and cry
I disagree , but I also hope I'm wrong . This is fears over the jobs numbers . Although the market has a short memory . I am confident in Nvidia but not in Wall Street reaction , so now I'm a little worried about earnings
Hell yes .. added 200 more shares today as it dips .. buying when grandmas are panicking and selling .
uhh also possible recession ... all jobs data were horrible yesterday and today but i think nvda 95-100 is bottom so ... hold or load up ! nvda to 170 by end of month due to earnings aug 28
Bought options ! Go big or go broke .
AMD is positive and soxl is coming back . Stock market may bottom today
I don't understand your exuberance . It's as if you believe nividia is a stock that transcends economic cycles . All stocks bow down to economic prints . Without positive prints , no matter how good your stock is , it'll suffer . Case closed .
No , there ’ s no way this is because of Intel . This is clear cut manipulation my friend .
NVDA to the fucking moon soon
Its not because the economic outlook is bad and money will soon have a better purpose in other areas of the economy ? like real estate ?
I didn't listen to dieselcock , I better heed DisabledScientist
Absolutely agree . RSI is oversold . Major upward support met . We're not filling that gap below ( which provides secondary support ) . Market has reacted on fear of a recession and that's a great time to buy . End of month . We are projected to chop through the summer ... we chopped down , now we chop up into earnings .
the only thing worth loading up is AMD before it hits 250-400 in 2025
What ’ s the average age and IQ in this sub ? 18 and 45 ?
Intel one of the drops catalyst were they are overexposed on CPU and not GPU ( related to AI ) and the NVDA drops ? Lol , everyone buy while it ’ s cheap .
Just buy 10 more shares today
Yes i agree , sometimes the obvious thing is just correct .
Glad I saw this post ! Was just about to put my $ 800k inheritance into Intel .
Not if the broad market keeps dropping . NVDA comes along
Still seems like a bargain at 105
Added to my position today since it ’ s on sale , now totaling 333 for good luck 😂 let ’ s goooo 🌙 ( holding for a minimum of 10 years )
I ’ m buying more on dips and holding on term we will see green in the future just be patient
“ Buy cheap … hold … End up a millionaire . ” - abe lincoln
All I can say : Nancy Pelosi !
Keep cash right now and wait for the perfect entry . You will get it it on reversal . NVIDIA is an incredible asset to own . It will be worth 10 trillion in 10 years . In 10 years you will 5x the money you put in my boy .
This sure didnt age well . But i will load up now lol ! ! Sorry if y'all were holding NVDA today before the open . Bad day for tech . I think OP is absolutely correct though , NOW is the time to start loading up on it . DCA if it starts dropping until it finds a bottom . Good luck my peeps , with a little common sense and maybe a lil luck , this correction will make several several several peeps rich af !
market can stay lower and irrational longer than folks can stay liquid and not loose patience and sell at further losses
No , China made their own AI chip and announced they will not be dependent on west … look it up .
[ removed ]
Well that might be one of the reasons but the main one is Elizabeth Warren demanding an investigation on how NVDA got so fast to a $ 3 trillion valuation so that ’ s that .
Also reads : “ Confidence , confidence , confidence … should I be confident ! ? ”
I think this market is going to be all right we the place for the next 3 kk the at least . Good news is that November earnings is post-election .
No nvidia is dropping cause Nasdaq is on sale since weeks . Earnings and all doesn ’ t matter much in this event . How long Nasdaq is on sale ? Ask the big money movers .. Sure is it will go up when they decide to pump .
DCA !
The only reason ? Not this ? https://www.reuters.com/technology/nvidia-faces-us-doj-probe-over-complaints-rivals-information-reports-2024-08-02/
Easy money . Bought in at $ 102 this morning . Can ’ t wait to let it grow .
[ deleted ]
No . It's also selling off cause people think we're going into a recession and don't think ai is what they say it is right now ...
Yes , bought 100 today at $ 103.45 . Missed the momentary price of $ 101 and change .
I know it will go back up in the future and its a good time to buy long term , but i dont know stocks and dont want to do the intel guy grandma YOLO thing so im good with what i have thanks .
Shut up already
You should load up .. but it ’ s not down because of Intel and the jobs report lmao 😂 good one though I needed that laugh
Am I regarded for loading up over these last two days making my portfolio 50 % NVDA ? The rest is VUG .
Aug and Sept are the slowest months of the year . Gonna be lame for a bit
Waiting below $ 100
I must be the only one willing to say this . After a stock has gone up by 1500 % you better bet there ’ s gonna be profit-taking . And we ’ re not talking about retail . NVDA is owned 66 % by institution that ’ s who ’ s been doing the selling . This is a phase 3 move . If you want to know what I ’ m talking about look up Wyckoff
Nope it likely will keep yo-yo ing back and forth until earnings . Then depending on investor mood and of course earnings mayhem will ensue I do hope it just goes straight up but yeah no not in a blood bath of a market
I'm still up 1000 % so I have quite a cushion . Cautious , however , because inevitably the Justice Department has opened a prope for monopolistic practices.Well , of course it's a monopoiy ! EU will be next . No one else designs GPUs with entire ecosystems like Nvidia . It's like a spider . I'm confident Jensen Huang anticipated this development .
Its @ 106 but does anyone think it will drop beneath 100 ? Lowest low was 101.7 yesterday
nah not yet its going to hit around 85 before earnings .
DCA all the way down .
dont forget to load up on ARM as well ...
I first bought in 2023 for around $ 380 , and my portfolio is about 70 % NVDA . I bought more during the dip earlier this week . It's been a Tums all day week — this is my biggest loss since getting in . I'm banking on earnings , but I also remember back in the day when Apple would report phenomenal earnings , and the stock would tank because it wasn ’ t perfectly in line with what investors expected . So who knows man , but I ’ m here holding with the rest of you .
Why would I load up now when it's most likely falling to $ 90 in a week or more ? ...
Not the only reason ... the big caps ( especially teck ) stocks are all falling and no NVDA is not imune to this ( no stock is ) . It is a good stock with a bright future but if we have a recession , it will still drop and drop and drop . No way around that .
Read the chart . Simply telling someone to buy with no idea of where price is going is not only wreckless it is dumb . There is no valid reason to buy it at 106 . It's in a bearish phase on the daily chart and looks like it will dip into the upper 80s if not near 80 based on the chart I am looking at . Why do people want to try and catch a falling knife ? Don't be dumb
It's going to drop to $ 90s Edit : i was right . Eat a dick to whoever downvoted .
Just sell we are heading into a recession
Buy high , sell low , that ’ s the way to go , Ride the stock market like a pro . With every dip and every dive , You ’ ll wonder if you ’ ll stay alive .
Money of champions
sell all my ARM for NVDA
Loosing is for champions
W
Hahahahahaha
lol love it
😂 😂 😂
Not doing bad ! ! ! ? ? ! ? ? ? ! 😝 this is a 7 ’ banger in like three years ! And everybody jumped on this thing at 130 and they call not doing bad now . Can imagine if you could make seven times your money every three years .
Which makes sense ...
True
How are you holding bags if this money is for 20 years from now ? ... Don't invest money you need for 2 years !
IMHO , one's emergency savings shouldn't be in the stock market anyway , certainly not in volatile tech . Can't take out retirement funds early without a huge penalty though , so I'm happy to hold money I ( hopefully ) won't need for 20 + years in stocks that rise & fall like whoa in the short & medium term .
Why not both ?
Buy high , sell low , the tragic trend , Ditching AI stocks , the future ’ s friend . NVDA ’ s poised to lead the race , Yet you sell off in disgrace .
Don't fall for the recession narrative being pedalled by the media and news sites . Look at actual economic output . And even a 4.3 % unemployment rate is very very low .
You get that from your job . This money is for retirement !
This ’ s a very good point . Nvidia can beat estimates and rise guidance and still drop or barely hold cause the pressure from fear of a recession is stronger
Amazon earning was yesterday and they had a miss . The interesting part is that AWS was way ahead of projections due to AI demand but retail numbers were down because people are buying less stuff .
After SMCI earnings last night NVDA earnings should blow it outta the water . Not worried anymore , although seeing SMCI dump like it did even tho it beat earnings very well plus guidance was excellent does throw a lil wrinkle in the mix . But really , NVDA will be just fine for at least 3 , 4 , 5 + years ... at least .
Not the grandma's , it's the grandkids ..
I like to buy when stocks are on sale .
Why ? it's going even lower next month ...
170 is pipe dreams .. I will be happy with 130 .. but an analyst just said 200 ! Lol
I ’ m hoping it bottoms before it goes back up as I have some orders in at $ 100 and at $ 95 . Bought some today at $ 103 .
Delusion … it is not going anywhere near that for quite some time
I ’ m calling nvda at $ 50 after earnings .
What did you do with them . I just bought 100 shares at $ 103 . Not sure what or how options would have helped me .
SOXL is heading to the 10s
Over the long haul . Nope . I buy and hold . It always goes up with dips in between .
It's just bearish sentiment in the market right now , things were very frothy for a while . With the jobs report and lack of Fed rate cut this week , the Street thinks now we are headed for a recesssion , or already in one maybe . One think i do know is a lot of companies are laying off . Many of my friends in tech jobs were laid off in the last month or two in IT and programming jobs
How the fuck does it go from 100 to 122 in a day and then wipe out back down to 106 all in the week it ’ s insane .
The economy is cooling down but wall street thinks the fed is acting slow . It's the great sell off ( for the week ? ) .
You sound like the dudes in the GME / AMC subreddit … The stock is still up over 100 % ytd yet this tiny drop is manipulation ?
* Sips koolaid *
Well , then buy some today and sell next week when it rallys back to $ 120 . I can guarantee its going back to $ 120 at the very least .
What makes you say this ?
I wish I bought more at 101 . What a blessing .
Lol
It has more room to run , but it has MASSIVELY less sales . You may be right , though . My thinking is that these companies have more money than God . If they want the best chips , then they buy from NVIDIA . If they want cheaper chips , then they design their own . But , the companies with less money will go with AMD , so that's a notch in their belt . Can you give me some reasons you see it doubling ?
I took my position at 175 earlier this month and have no funds to average down lol
I see this all the time that AMD is the company to own , it ’ s going to be able to compete with NVDA one day … You do realize it ’ s trading at like a ridiculous 173 PE right ? ? AMD has a significant amount of ground to cover , and by then NVDA will have made strides in that time period anyway .
69 and 420
For real . I feel like no one learns their lesson .
Agreed !
That post still infuriates me
I think we are near a base on a healthy correction .
Paul was wrong about his AVGO calls at $ 180 , wasn ’ t she ?
Yeah , $ 92 is sure better than $ 100 , but I thought everything was going to keep going lower today . I wish I would have bought a bunch of stuff at open ! The VIX was higher than it was during COVID .
True . Well if we are going into a recession , save some dough for the red . I ’ d still buy some NVIDIA at 103 , but it ’ s already above that .
Maybe with options . But if you do the boring buy and hold . You ’ ll win .
Dude , can you let me know what site you read
China cannot make anything under 12 nm . They don't have the equipment to do it and are export controlled . The only 7 nm chip they have made is a horribly designed and inefficient bitcoin ASIC they tried to use for a phone chip .
It couldn ’ t possibly be because they have a better and more well supported product that customers overwhelmingly prefer to what ’ s in the market over the past few years . Naw , no way that ’ s the case !
Facebook gets an antitrust every friend request .
Same here , well done . Added a large chunk this morning also .
I bought at $ 330 2 yrs ago . And sold at $ 132 post split . Just trying to make some more .
The jobs report has nothing to do with it being down ? It's official , you all have no idea what you're talking about .
Yeah . I was clearly wrong on this one .
why ARM
My portfolio was 100 % NVDA . I bought in around $ 330 and bought all the way to $ 700 . Made a lot . Lost a lot this past few weeks . But Jensen did say Blackwell is the best selling product we ’ ve ever made .
Because I got some today at $ 101 . If it goes to $ 90 next week I'll get some then . Except there will be no Intel to drag it down , so I seriously doubt that
I can ’ t predict the market so I ’ m DCAing in at this level . I don ’ t care if I ’ m in at $ 100 or at $ 80 . Over the long haul $ 20 is nothing , compared to the upside . Missing the buy , you loose all of the upside .
Experienced NVDA shareholders know this is a buying opportunity , the market is in a healthy overbought correction which is exactly what we want going into earnings and beyond . Markets always overreact up or down . Consensus overall is smooth sailing for NVDA for a very long while . Note Cap-X spending by the mega-caps . DCA and add shares on any decent dips if you can .
I've heard this so many times over the past 2 years . If I listened I would not have made over $ 400k
Amen brother .
So say we all !
At Wendy ’ s , working overtime , to get back in the game !
I'm selling my legs !
I wouldn't have done that . What's going on now is that stupid HOLD rating by some MM playing God with his tweets .
I'm so upset about ARM though
Look at all who bought Cisco at top in 1990s early 2000s they are still holding bag .
I ’ ve got 452 shares across both accounts my roth and my Investment account . I ’ ve got a decent amount in Mutual funds , and about 10 % of my generic portfolio and 20 % of my stock section of my Roth in Nvidia . Unless it ’ s revealed * * * ALL AI * * * is some grand conspiracy to make me throw away money , I ’ m not worried .
In markets wild , emotions sway , Guided by fear , we tend to stray . AI ’ s dawn , a bright new age , Yet panic sells , sets the stage . Hold fast your faith in future ’ s gleam , For tech will soar , fulfill the dream . Through ups and downs , keep vision clear , The future ’ s bright , no need to fear .
One week GDP higher than expected 🍾 , the next higher unemployment 😭 , 70 some % of S & P500 with better than expected EPS , and so on
Or just Wall Street going : " You did great in A , B and C but we were hoping for X on D . [ NVDA tanks ] Like Microsoft , it went from like $ 428 on earnings day . The report was positive , but the stock went down to the upper $ 380s after hours . Thursday morning it popped to $ 426 then fell all day and is currently down to $ 406 . Down 8.5 % over very little
NVidia could and probably will still crush it during a recession . Their forward PE and guidance is enough to boost the price upwards from here , even if the rest of the market dips . And then interest rates will get cut and all of Nvidia's customers will suddenly be spending a lot more on capex . i . e . even more demand for NVDA . There are some downsides , but risk / reward looks pretty good at these prices , even if a recession is in the works .
Nah they ’ re buying INTC
Had an open buy order yesterday , to fill at $ 100 . Lo and behold , the order was filled 1st thing this morning at $ 92 ! Miracles happen sometimes .
Hoping for 130 also
I too would be happy with 130
True
Will be happy with $ 115 tbh
It'll be 200 in a couple years ..
no its not ... come bcak check here sept 1
do you understand why the markets sold off last 2 days lol
see ya in a month
You bought them without knowing what they are ? You my friend are in for a roller coaster lol keep your butthole tight and enjoy the ride . It also depends on when your expiration date is . Mine is 8/ 30 I plan on selling after they crush earnings !
o god
Yes . Has nothing to do with my comment , but yes .
did AI take their jobs ?
Apparently they been threatening recession for how many years now ?
A lot of tech over hired in the last few years . I work in tech and about 3 months ago they laid a bunch of people off at my company . Now they are trying to fill those positions and I see emails everyday about the job openings available at my company .
> The US Bureau of Economic Analysis ( BEA ) estimates that the US real gross domestic product ( GDP ) increased at an annual rate of 2.8 % in the second quarter of 2024 , up from 1.4 % in the first quarter . This increase was higher than the 2 % forecast and was primarily due to increases in consumer spending , inventory investment , and business investment . Maybe it just started , but we were not headed towards a recession .
Market manipulation
All these multimillionaires and billionaires are all falling for the news
it hit 101 twice ... premarket and again in the morning ... not just 106
Worst July in 10 years
Not a tiny drop , from 140 to 103 etc . , , but NVDA does move a lot , both ways ..
Gme is a good short actually
Guarantee ? What time frame ?
Well , it ’ s back to 108 since I bought at 101 this morning . And because I ’ ve been in this stock for 3 yrs . And because I see the future .
Lol
Because the price will be two times as high as it is now , duh .
if AMD can get to those levels , NVDA will be a minimum of $ 4tril market cap at the same time . A rising tide raises all boats .
If I hear this fucking P / E argument one more time I swear I'm gonna go ballistic . P / E is the worst indicator for AMD but the best indicator that you have no idea about AMD . Look at non GAAP earnings . The high P / E is because of its Xilinx acquisition .
Gunnar and Skipper ! !
Historically August-September are correction territory . Don ’ t think it ’ s gonna be any different this time and we even started 2 weeks earlier this year . Last year it started early August
agree
Trust me bro
Good point . How would you counter argument about companies stopping capex on AI due to recession ?
I only added $ 1k but then decided to sell for a 5 % gain since I have up to $ 3k in free gains this year . I hate shorting it but also like knowing I have no skin in the game over the weekend and can try to get back in lower . I truly believe that earnings will make the stock grow 10-20 % if we stay relatively flat until then .
Whatever you say
it's the king of cpu's and will be big time in GPU for mobiles soon ... and will be eating the market for laptops and desktops from Intel and amd ... also once market picks up it will be back to $ 160 to $ 170 within days ...
True , but never " load up " . To some stupid people that means dump everything in . That's how people lose all their money . The average person on here should be 80 % in a broad market index . NVDA should never exceed more than maybe 5 % of your portfolio . The problem is is that a lot of people here don't have maybe $ 5000 total or even less in the market . Those people can gamble sure cause $ 5k is peanuts today . But people with $ 100k or more should NOT be putting more than 5 % in any one stock and should really be mostly the broad market and maybe some QQQ or VGT . Diversity is the key to long term winning . Sure , people may throw in $ 5k and double it in a year and think they're experts . Then they take that money and throw it in some other meme stock or something and lose it . They're simply gambling not investing . Remember that for every WIN , there's probably 20 losses with the average " trader " . The best way to be successful LONG term , which is what counts , people should just be dcaing into a broad market index .
I'm a futures trader . DCA might be valid , but as a futures trader I wouldn't be touching it right now .
" Experienced NVDA shareholders " ? What does that even mean ?
Can I sell your legs too ?
But people don't buy only once . You dollar cost average SLOWLY into positions . That's why 80 % of people lose money trading . Also , not every company is Cisco . 2000 was a whole lot different than NOW ! Companies then had hardly ANY earnings and pes int he 100s ! Also there wasn't any social media , NETFLIX , Youtube , instagram , twitter , big tech , cell phones in EVERY hand , etc . There are many stocks that have and still are kicking the sp500s butt . UNH RSG ASML LRCX LIN and the list goes on ...
Or one tiny invasion of Taiwan . Or one fire in a TSMC facility with small nm chips . Or a pandemic . Or a major regional war . Or we learn that AI doesn ’ t provide the business value to justify trillions of dollars of investments and that Nvidia can never make good on it . You seem to think the only potential risk to Nvidia is “ ai somehow bad . ” There are many realistic and plausible risks . That is probably the least concerning .
Love it :)
Hello , ChatGPT
I'm not worried because the storylines are different . MSFT is all about azure so a miss there is horrible , it's like if nvda miss in DC but beat in gaming , it's not something you can paper over .
microsoft has the CRWD lawsuit coming
I think at these level for nvidia , the fear drop is already there . I bet we run up again to the high teens next week 115-119 . Im buying it today
I ’ d die for 130
Agree .. Sad that we have to reduce our dreams !
Will check .. definitely !
But that is still not going to happen by the end of the month
I just want to see the posts on this sub if it does . I would honestly take the day off from work and read the loss porn all day . Everyone ’ s so emotional about this stock already , just imagine .
No , I just bought the actual stock . I ’ m unsure about options . Don ’ t know how to use them to make a profit .
[ https://images.app.goo.gl/d1cMT8EJcyLQdzYC9 ] ( https://images.app.goo.gl/d1cMT8EJcyLQdzYC9 )
True , i think the thing is they never want to say it , bc it would make people like the President and the Fed look bad ( bad economy is not good public perception for government ) so they try to bullshit us with things and buzz words like " soft landing " or " light recession " or " we arent really in a true recession a defined by negative GDP growth just a temporary blip or slowdown " etc etc
Which company ?
Remember , companies will say they ’ re hiring to throw off their competitors . Makes them seem like they ’ re doing better than they are .
past 3 months it is up 25 % . This is a tiny drop in comparison to how much its gone up this past year
Its not that type of guarantee . More like an Amazon or a Best Buy guarantee which tells you they cant help you if your TV breaks . I guarantee by earnings . Set an alarm .
It ’ s at 106 now bud .
How did you get in at the bottom . I didn ’ t get in until $ 103 .
I mean why do you think real estate will be more valuable ?
I see - that's a very astute take .
Toopid head
not if it takes market share
Agree particularly September is notorious for a correction , August is 50/50 . Since NVDA earnings are Aug 28 I will probably ride this out into earnings and reassess , trying to time the market is a fools errand . I still believe NVDA will up substantially EOY .
Just saw a pig fly by
I got nothing on that . It all depends on if they think the products are going to be viable soon and make them money or long term investments . In a true recession they will prioritize stuff that makes them money now vs later .
My god . Are you aware of the concept of supply and demand ?
but why do you say ARM is the king of cpu ? what gives ARM such an edge to eat what is likely now AMD's market ?
I respect your opinion , it depends on the risk tolerance you are comfortable with . I added a large chunk this morning at 102 , I've owned this stock for many years and was glad to have the opportunity to add more .
Non-newbies who pay attention to this stock .
Took Microsoft 14 years to get back to its 2000 peak . Traded sideways in that timeframe . DCA hardly helped people that invest in a sideways moving stock .
Not in the next quarter though .
So buy SOXX instead ? Are semiconductors ever going to go anywhere , I mean the leaders may change but the tech is in everything
Okay now do Amazon . Both companies had good reports and tanked . Nvidia is down almost $ 40 on fear alone . Did you buy any calls ?
I would but my cash won't be available till Monday :(
cant wait . i got 5m usd in nvda . see ya in a month .
Gotcha ! Quick run down for buying calls Picture them as a package 1 call option is the right to purchase a 100 shares . So if the price for the call is $ 1.20 it's actually $ 120 bc you buy a package . Next up is the strike price that is the price you pay if you want to exercise your option . So let's say you buy the package for $ 1.20 and the strike price is $ 100 you wouldn't want to exercise your call if the stock is below that price you would end up over paying for the stock . Now a couple of things factor in to buying an option the main thing is time . That's what different calls have an expiration date so if you don't exercise or sell them you will lose 100 % of the premium you paid . Which in this scenario would be $ 120 . Now let's go back to the call price of $ 1.20 . This price moves with the stock so if the stock goes up so does the price of your call option . This is where you can start making money if you don't plan on exercising the call . This is not a dollar to dollar movement though . In other words if the stock goes up a $ 1 your option package might move 30 ¢ . But once your strike price is met it becomes dollar to dollar movement with the stock . Sorry if this was all over the place I'm not very well articulated .
Not necessarily , the companies were just cost cutting and downsizing . Doing more with less i guess
I don ’ t doubt it ’ ll reach the 120s again but the time period is important . Lots of bag holders got in above 120 . Anyways remindme ! 8/ 31/2024
My Palintir must be broken .
" even if competitors chips were free , it's still cheaper to go with us " - Jensen , speaking to CUDA etc this past spring
Only time will tell . I ’ m bracing myself with recession now finally on the horizon
Shitz getting real real
https://www.thestreet.com/investing/stocks/analysts-reboot-arm-holdings-stock-price-target-following-earnings
Same here . Owned for 2 years and bought 500 shares at 101 today . What a blessing .
Yes , dca DOES help when investing in sideways or downward moving stocks , cause you're PAYING LESS for each share ! When the stock moves higher eventually , you make MORE money !
That's why you don't put ALL YOUR EGGS IN ONE BASKET ! ! ... also those people are millionaires by now and don't care .
I was thinking about going semiconductors as well . I do hold some nvidia , by the way so I think they are a good gamble , my response was more aimed at someone who thinks it can ONLY go up over time and that all in on Nvidia is good . I hesitated because semiconductors have always been a boom / bust cycle . It ’ s great that they are producring basically at capacity , but that also means they can ’ t really grow any faster than capacity expansion and tech . In the flip side you have to be careful about overinvesting or trying to jump too far ahead of current tech . You can ruin your returns . Semiconductors are absolutely necessary and not a bad bet , but it is still sector trading and there are different circumstances where semiconductors can do poorly while tech does well .
I still have my calls from last year and early this year , but haven't added in the recent downturn . Amazon gave bad guidance . I'm not dismissing the macro , yes the economy is slowing and there'll likely be rate cuts that'll benefit non-tech stocks , hence a sector rotation . But overall it's nothing to do with nvidia , very little exposure to the consumer it's all about " the situation " .
Baller alert !
Thanks for the explanation !
Part of that is because of what ai enabled . Especially with tech and coding
I will be messaging you in 28 days on [ * * 2024-08- 31 00:00 : 00 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-31%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1eib6i8/load_up/lg5u3z8/?context=3 ) [ * * 5 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1eib6i8%2Fload_up%2Flg5u3z8%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-31%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201eib6i8 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
I know they did . That really sucks . My brother is one of them .
Llama 3.1 runs out of the box on amd ... Jensens quote is simply not true
Dude ofc he says good things about his company
that's quute the confidence you have with a street article . gl .
Broadly , I'm confused . They've been screaming about a recession for 4 years now . What makes them think it's imminent now ?
Amazon set off the market to worry about things , and then jobs reports came in low and that accelerated things . My view is that Nvidia stands to still do well during and certainly immediately following a recession .
Another lesson is : if there are wild swings very quickly , ie notably more than + - 1 % day stuff , options move wildly as a result and you can make lots , or Lose lots , very quickly . If however the price remains stagnant or slowly creeps up , you just lose .
I also bought like 50 shares at 133 but eh only 50 bag holds for me at the moment . I believe in nvda just dumb macros and bad sentiment affecting the stock otherwise it ’ d be flying
I haven't heard anyone say recession is imminent . It's just that the economy is finally slowing as is intended , this is normal and the result of the macro policy . But as a result of this slowing , policy will now shift to ones that benefit the small-cap over large caps . This will be bad for some companies , but nvidia is an AI story not a macro story . The only thing that matters here is the AI story isn't questioned . Of course in the 3 months between each ER , some people will question the AI story . But every ER nvidia reminds people who's daddy . ^ ^
Consumer confidence has dropped and labor market is weakening . The yield curve has been inverted for like 2 years at this point , which is a record . And this almost always signals a recession . Fed is trying to time things perfectly , but if they don't then we either see a rebound on inflation or we see layoffs and a recession . A lot of people think JPow can't pull off the soft landing . I'm not really sure what to think .
How do you make or loose a lot with this scenario ?
https://www.reddit.com/r/economy/s/NTKsWnbLGs https://www.reddit.com/r/economy/s/Yx2mAh1qmH
Clickbait as you've been seeing forever . Nobody actually thinks there's going to be a recession .
Then WTF is the market panicking for ? Someone does
There's a slow down , 3 % is understandable for a slowdown not really a panic .
Dow down 900 points over nothing when they were excited AF Wednesday , sure seems panicky
Just zoom out a little , still green on the month .
Yeah . And the 150k unrealized I made Wednesday is gone today
I mean , if you're a trader 🤷 not my forte .
A little of column A . A little of column B . I have a couple thousand shares . If we go sideways all year . I had a great year up like 400 % . That said I'm also down a fuck ton from my new ATH of 1.3 M
gl dude
Thanks man . I didn't expect this year to go anywhere near this well . Kept setting new ATHs . Then , this recent pullback has been brutal . 1.3 M feels like it's forever away .
you're going to be absolutely fine haha
Eventually , absolutely . 200 % no doubt . Just sucks to watch your best day ever vanish . And worse to see like 500k disappear in a month
Honestly think media market manipulators are just trying to scare everyone . Clearly the demand is still extremely high and NVDA still holds a huge amount of market share . Decreased consumer spending and fewer job growth from “ expert ” expectations mean nothing in this industry because companies either adopt AI solutions or they get left in the dust . Just wish I could go back in time and sell at the peak and buy back at this current price .
Testing process is exactly for this purpose guys .. to identify issues . Nothing to worry . I first took a position last year in 400-500 range . That time the China ban was the fud and share price was volatile but earnings kicked ass . So let ’ s chill and let JH do his thing .
maybe competitors started to spread false information ? INTEL huh ?
Barron's has the best article on this . It's behind a paywall , but you can use [ archive.ph ] ( http://archive.ph ) to go around . In summary , they think the orders affected by this delay only account for 7 % of revenue , and that NVDA will easily make that up by pumping out additional H200 in the interim . [ https://www.barrons.com/articles/nvidia-blackwell-ai-chip-delay-3532aae2 ] ( https://www.barrons.com/articles/nvidia-blackwell-ai-chip-delay-3532aae2 )
can you share source of this please , I am unable to verify this from Reuters
As a product manager in tech , here ’ s what probably happened : - NVDA : “ hey here ’ s your samples , please test ” - MSFT : “ awesome , when will mass production begin ” - NVDA : “ if no issues are discovered maybe as soon as late Q3 ? We ’ ll see though ” - MSFT : “ hey there ’ s an issue ” - NVDA : “ ok got it . we ’ ll have a fix in 2 weeks ” - MSFT : “ how will this affect timeline ? ” - NVDA : “ looking like early Q4 ” MSFT engineer who either wants to feel important and / or has a short position : “ Hey news blog ! DeLaYeD BY A QUARTER ! ! ! ” . Meanwhile , the original public timeline on mass production for 2nd half of year is unchanged . It ’ s why they leave room for testing .
I believe earning will be rocket 🚀 , after earning it will drop on the ground .
This helps a lot to ward off nay sayers ! With the current mega caps spending , buying NVDA chips and NVDA can ’ t meet all demands , it does not need Apple . It hasn ’ t missed a ER so will go up after 8/ 28 to 130 , 150 and beyond as people will pile in !
And Buffett slashes Apple holdings by 50 % . Monday looks like a good day to sleep through and avoid financial news
Lets just remember that a company cannot hide negative information from investors and if NVDA was asked and they hide it , they have violate the law which i dont think they will do and risk soo much for some dumb delay .. 1 . Securities Exchange Act of 1934 : This act governs the trading of securities and includes provisions to ensure that companies provide accurate and complete information to investors . Section 10 ( b ) of this act , along with SEC Rule 10b - 5 , prohibits any act or omission resulting in fraud or deceit in connection with the purchase or sale of any security . 2 . Sarbanes-Oxley Act of 2002 : This act was enacted in response to major corporate scandals . It aims to protect investors by improving the accuracy and reliability of corporate disclosures . Key provisions include requirements for internal controls and procedures for financial reporting . 3 . Regulation Fair Disclosure ( Reg FD ): Adopted by the SEC in 2000 , this regulation aims to prevent selective disclosure by requiring that all publicly traded companies disclose material information to all investors simultaneously . This means that companies cannot selectively disclose important information to analysts or institutional investors before it is available to the general public . These laws and regulations are designed to ensure transparency and protect investors from fraudulent or misleading practices by public companies . Violations can result in severe penalties , including fines , sanctions , and legal action against the company and its executives .
That response only says that they ramp up production . Can still be delayed .
Where's the Reuters link ?
let's hope they are being truthful about this . last thing nvda needs right now is another gut punch .
Doesn't matter either way for the long term investors .
What was this in response to ?
What's happening is media scare stock price drop so big fish can double down at a cheaper price only to look at selling post ER . Typical . Same happened last ER . Analysts are always looking at orders and partnerships of NVDA hence why they keep raising the price targets . Patience is key and correcting is in place . Slowdown will most likely be seen in 2025 Q2 onwards but not 2024 . Relax . Double down . Enjoy the ride .
tbh i don ’ t think this is something serious . Nothing will change when it comes to revenue . This news seems weird . As long as CNBC isn ’ t reporting on this i don ’ t believe it
Come on jensen pp it so you can sell another 120k lot today's sales weren't good money for ya
TSMC is the one who leaked it . If Blackwell was projected to bring in $ 90B , that's $ 22.5 B per quarter . TSMC's margin is well-known to be 50 % but even if it is lower for Nvidia , that's a $ 10B hit to TSMC if fabs sit idle for 3 months . It makes total sense for TSMC to leak it . They are scrambling for work to reduce the loss . Apparently , the gaming GPUs have also been pushed back . Google it . [ https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/news/nvidia-delays-blackwell-gpus-impacting-hyperscaler-data-center-plans-report/ ] ( https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/news/nvidia-delays-blackwell-gpus-impacting-hyperscaler-data-center-plans-report/ )
I can't wait for the 5090
Link to the full story ?
Do you think it's gonna drop to 50 or at least stay around 110 after earnings ? 🤔
I'm sorry say but this is fake , link me to source
You can't just say " Nothing is changed " , they didn't deny the rumor . IMO during the Samsung HBM failing qualification rumors they outright denied it . It's quite different this time . There's still 5 months left in the second half so a 3 month delay can still see ramp in the second half while being true .
This sub is obviously full of people who came over from the GME sub and trying to make conspiracy theories out of completely normal market movements . If you want to know why NVDA has dipped , mainstream news has all the answers and none of it has to do with how much NVDA is selling this year . A stock price can move on geopolitical volatility , general economic outlook , and correlated stock patterns . There is not some boogeyman somewhere manipulating the market and doing blow of hookers asses with your hard earned money . I mean , there is , but it ’ s because they know how to trade better , not that they manipulate the market to such an extent to cause this large of a pullback . Edit not directed at OP - comments
" Ramp " is a somewhat vague term . You can be on track to ramp in H2 and still be delayed by two quarters . They have not done much to assuage the rumors .
I read something something about Blackwell GPU's getting flooded " design flaw " due to outsourced faulty water cooling components and the issue had been discussed with Microsoft who has a pending large order of Blackwell . I've seen this from multiple sources . I suspect the street knew Friday and that explains the drop across semis ... except for Apple .
[ https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-08-03/nvidia-s-new-ai-chip-delayed-due-to-design-flaws-information?utm_source=website&utm_medium=share&utm_campaign=copy ] ( https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-08-03/nvidia-s-new-ai-chip-delayed-due-to-design-flaws-information?utm_source=website&utm_medium=share&utm_campaign=copy )
More sell off coming ?
At this point , the headline was enough that it will take a hit Monday regardless of NVDA ’ s response or its accuracy . People still believe “ crack babies ” were a thing because the news that all that shit was junk science never made the actual news .
As someone in the industry , the devils advocate approach here is that companies are failing to realize revenue streams / profits off of H100 AI applications . If they cannot find a way to make money soon , Blackwell sales will diminish accordingly From NVDA perspective , it makes sense to rush Blackwell quickly before forecast demand takes a hit
My cynical view is that there are competing allegiances trying to move the stock . That include analysts , talking heads , shills , media and shit posters . On both sides . It all comes with the game . Eye on the long term , and ignore the day to day .
I have a term I use “ shaking the tree ” . When a stock ramps like this , institutional money starts massive sell offs in effort to tank the stock . As it tanks , retail stop losses are triggered , increasing the downward trend . When enough money has fallen out institutional money will re enter and we start gaining again .
I wish I could buy low sell high too
The manipulation seems to be going the other way here , I can't find this Reuters story anywhere . This seems fake That a Nvidia spokesperson commented on this .
Yeah then just hold and all will be fine in 25 or so days . Me personally I think we are going to get one last scare buy driving down to 95 possibly 88 then it's a massive uptrend .
Many bad actors have ‘ puts ’ at $ 95 , they are trying to tank the stock , do not fall on the trap ! Do not sell and lets buy more ! ! !
How can you sure this is not the beginning of a recession . Vix climbed 50 % on Friday and close + 25 % . Global markets are in extremely fear zone . We need to break those fear first if we want to recover and moon
I feel u the same way I miss my opportunity to sell at 140 …
This is not r / conspiracy , rather : 1 . Labor market conditions are worsening at a faster rate 2 . Unemployment rate is worsening at a faster rate 3 . Sahm rule signals recession near ; a 100 % successful signal 4 . 50BP rate cut in September . Probability : 75 % All this does not bode well for Tech . 9 month market pullback occurs during a recession . NVDA under $ 80 possible
Bans are bullish , it means a product is really good
At this point intel should rename them self to incompetent would be a better name for them
Intel is DEAD . ARM long live ARM
Gam gams trying to claw that $ 200k back
this was information provided by a nvidia spokesperson
Yeah . This is a combination of moves . Step one : “ competitors make DOJ to investigate on NVDA ” Step two : “ spamming false information ” Anyway , NVDA is on a very crucial point right now together with bad macro environment . Can ’ t find a way to justify this can recover in the short term . Remember if most people are panic selling and fear to buy , how can the stock price going up ?
Sounds like Trump bought some intel stock and now trying to distract for their shit earnings report . 🤣
The problem is perception that can trigger a selloff . Nvidia as a company is a rockstar . Nvidia earnings will continue to impress but solid performance hasn't ever been the issue .
Cause it ’ s another fake out attempt by the lame stream media to distract us from the truth and hoard all the wealth while we toil away . If they can do this to Nvidia they can do this to mom and pop companies
I tend to agree . Earnings will be a major up move . ~ 150 maybe .
That ’ s the hope but the market likes to be stupid . Like the earnings report last August . They blew out numbers and deserved to be over 500 . The stock sank after and just became cheaper and cheaper on great news until people piled in at the beginning of this year .
This was done Q2 , just reported now . He sold those months ago , and is likely just taking profits because he got in when AAPL was like under $ 20 a share .
Ramping up means they need to produce more to meet demands . NVDA does not need Apple .. and fuck Apple .
Correct . If the rumor mill regarding what NVIDIA told MSFT is true , then Blackwell is delayed by one full quarter . So instead of Blackwell revenue hitting in Q3 it'll be Q4 . Question I guess is whether they forecast that revenue into Q3 or not . If they did , then their forecast is going to be off and they'll miss .
[ deleted ]
Not sure why we need to be " hopeful . " They're legally obligated not to mislead investors .
I don't think i remember any dishonest or half truths from nvidia . Maybe somebody has better memory from history .
Nvidia can drop to 50 and still be fine . They can drop to even lower prices and still be fine .
Honestly if there's a small dip on Monday it'll be good because I can buy even more long shares . I don't plan on selling $ NVDA anytime soon anyway when it can easily 3x in a decade .
Report that NVIDIA told Microsoft that Blackwell is delayed by 3 months due to design flaw . https://www.investors.com/news/technology/nvidia-delays-blackwell-ai-chip/
TSMC can still make the Hoppers . Demand for it exceeds supply .
Monday's going to be a bloodbath .
[ https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/tata-electronics-bhoomi-poojan-of-assam-chip-unit-today/112237351 ] ( https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/tata-electronics-bhoomi-poojan-of-assam-chip-unit-today/112237351 )
More likely up than down imo , but next day or two after earnings I wouldn't bet on
150 on earnings
[ deleted ]
> You can't just say " Nothing is changed " Their plan is / was revenue 1/2 nd half . What changed ? Someone whispered something to a reporter ? that's a yawn
* There is not some boogeyman somewhere manipulating the market ... * Federal prosecutors in California on Friday charged prominent investor Andrew Left with multiple counts of securities fraud involving “ * * a long-running market manipulation scheme * * ” * * yielding at least $ 16 million in profit . * * The Department of Justice [ said ] ( https://www.justice.gov/opa/pr/activist-short-seller-charged-16m-stock-market-manipulation-scheme ) Left , the founder of Citron Research , “ exploited his ability to move stock prices ” using social media to amplify and exaggerate market reactions .
You ’ re definitely right . I mean look at the latest post on the superstonk reddit about Berkshire selling half of Apple . Literally nobody in the comments mention that Apple is still their largest holding by far and it ’ s just warren buffet diversifying . Meanwhile half the comments there think he ’ s selling because he ’ s scared due to the dumb market glitch a few weeks ago ? Like really ?
The drop across semis was Intel .
Then why did NVDA only fall less than 2 % with Nasdaq down 450 ?
That just uses theinformation.com as their “ source ” . Never heard of that website before . Have you ?
don ’ t think so . this doesn ’ t change the ramp up imo
This is a really weird pivot to " crack babies , " lol .
Yes . This .
That would never happen ! ... [ rt-Seller Andrew Left Pleads Not Guilty to Fraud Charges ( yahoo.com ) ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/short-seller-andrew-left-pleads-005407491.html ) The case against Left stems from a wide-ranging US effort to examine relationships between hedge funds and skeptical researchers
I assume you own stock ( like me ) and we ’ re looking at the long term growth and dividends to come . Some people are in short term options and are pulling the handle at the NVDA casino week to week 🎰
This is the only answer . Unless you have market-changing money or power , predictions and analyzing is becoming useless . The frequency stays the same though .
What was the report in response to ?
This should be the top comment
#Cope
Hello Cheeto , A Google search reveals that the same quote is listed on the 5 News when you search .
Are you from the future ?
... * Doesn't bode well for tech * ... Ok you could be right ... however i will provide a bit of a counterpoint . In the first quarter of 2020 , the economy was rocked by a short-lived but gruesome recession sometimes referred to as the Great Lockdown . During that period , only 32 stocks in the S & P 500 , representing 6 % of the total index , posted positive returns . Nvda was #10 on that list of 32 stocks .
Dude this makes me want to invest in safe plays like Nvidia . We already know they are going to sell out their product , so the economy wouldn ’ t have a dramatic effect .
Incel is a better name , maybe ?
GO ARM it ’ s cheaper than leg
RISC-V for the win
https://i.makeagif.com/media/6-28-2016/1XL6sv.gif
yup i meant the original news leaked
I'll buy their stop loss
Why do you have to bring trump ?
Bingo . The market ( at least in the short term ) isn't about logic , but about emotion . All of these big tech stocks have also run up to high valuations in the past year , so any even slightly bad news has caused selloffs . Goog , Amzn , Msft all had good earnings but still sold off due to investors high expectations not being met .
do you have a link to any that source ?
With their level of demand I wouldn ’ t be surprised if fully payment is being made up front or a hefty deposit so it wont affect August report and NVDA rep says it wont affect year end revenue .
Again , what is wrong with some of you ? Are you totally unable to use Google to search for shit and find it on your own ? Reuters DID report this . Here it is . And the updated part ; [ https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ )
legally obligated sure but hasn't stopped many instances of so . if blackwell is delayed they know the consequences are serious . there are many ways of saying the same thing they may just try to choose the easiest and most superficially tasteful way of saying so until the numbers roll in which could then surprise shareholders .
well i don't mean outright dishonesty . more like serious sugar coating or putting things in a better light than they really are .
it's all about the market cap . when the shovel seller in a gold rush is selling to the other members of the Mag 7 and nobody has a legit competitor to CUDA , there's literally no reality where they aren't a $ 3tril company ( unless everyone else takes a haircut , too of course )
3x in a decade ? that's roughly 12 % compounded annually . I am a long term holder ... but would not be if I thought the annual return was 12 %
Investigation of that Microsoft employee for shorting should begin !
green
I wish ... ( Whatever you're smoking , i wanna have that too ) .
do your own Googling ! ! * hands me Indian website *
I googled for an hour . this isn't Reuters and not even about nvda . please check the intelligence level before posting
Nvidia " could of " said they know nothing about rumors or it has no validity . Its been day ( s ) since they found out . They can say this because its still on track to ramp and difference can also be in end of second half as opposed to beginning . They didn't lie and then as long as they don't outright lie they can say it during earnings report and try to tamper it down with pleasant earnings . [ https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/news/nvidia-delays-blackwell-gpus-impacting-hyperscaler-data-center-plans-report/ ] ( https://www.datacenterdynamics.com/en/news/nvidia-delays-blackwell-gpus-impacting-hyperscaler-data-center-plans-report/ ) The amount of details is kind of a lot . " The production issue was discovered by manufacturer TSMC , and involves the processor die that connects two Blackwell GPUs on a GB200 . "
My $ 100 options expire in January , so it matters to me if ramp starts Q2 and enters full throttle by Q3 ER vs if it just starts Q3 and only starts seeing real revenue Q4 .
Clearly never happens and the words “ long running ” means they got away with it for a while . Sheesh , so much money flowing its impossible to really police
Yea this happens with small cap stocks . My point is nobody is manipulating NVDA . Even news articles are not going to swing the price that much . Real events only . Broader market sentiment is moving NVDA . GME trading volume , and the volume of any stock Andrew Left ever shorted , are insanely tiny in comparison . People do not understand this .
Haha the cognitive dissonance on that sub is unreal . Sad part is the headband guy is very obviously manipulating those people to sell them covered calls for insane premium on run-ups , then adding to his share position . Rinse and repeat , bleeding those idiots dry until they buy the company for him . They have no idea . lol
This is some serious copium . He sold 86 billion worth of AAPL . What do you think is gonna happen to the share price , regardless for his reasons for selling . Do you think retailers can make up that 86B ?
Yes the information is the most credible Silicon Valley specific news site . It is a paid only site though .
lol just a reminder that people remember the first headline and less people recall the correction or second . Hopefully I ’ m wrong , I ’ m very long and very bullish so hoping it doesn ’ t take too big of a hit
Wow what a piece of shit . Gil Luria is in a very similar vein . He continuously spouts bullshit as fact and CNBC just allows him to do it .
Its my fault Every time I buy in , the stock goes down EVERY . SINGLE . TIME .
Bloomberg 8-2- 2024 NVDA Delays Blackwell 3 months due to water cooling defect . A Nvidia spokesperson did not comment on the delay , Bloomberg said , but they did tell the Information service that “ production is on track to ramp " later this year . Microsoft , Google , Amazon Web Services and Meta representatives also refused to comment on the development , while a TSMC spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment
There was another report saying there were issues with the production of Blackwell chips
Intel , Intel . It rhymes with incel ! !
I bought $ 1 ( incremental share ) of LEG , and I own some of ARM . This keeps things interesting when the market is going up and down , because I receive push notification saying " leg is up ! " , " Leg is down ! " , " arm is up ! " , " Arm is down ! " .
Cause TDS is a real thing !
Curious what you think about core numbers , that aren ’ t great … .. these are the # ’ s that use to matter . PE like 68 EPS under 2 And a market cap of almost $ 3 trillion … … I don ’ t think NVID is a $ 3 trillion company . Pardon my fear but I actually got burnt by Cisco in late 2000 ’ s which was the “ darling ” stock at the time !
Here is the entire release , from broker website : # # Delay to Nvidia's new AI chip could affect Microsoft , Google , Meta , The Information saysDelay to Nvidia's new AI chip could affect Microsoft , Google , Meta , The Information says Reuters 1:42 AM ET Aug -03-2024 Aug 2 ( Reuters ) - Design flaws could cause a delay of three months or more in the launch of chip giant Nvidia's ( NVDA.NaE ) upcoming artificial intelligence chips , tech-focused publication The Information said on Friday . The setback could affect customers such as Meta , Google and Microsoft ( MSFT.NaE ) , who have collectively ordered tens of billions of dollars worth of chips , it said , citing people who help produce chip and server hardware for Nvidia ( NVDA.NaE ) . The AI chip giant unveiled its Blackwell chip series in March , succeeding its earlier flagship AI chips , the Grace Hopper Superchip , that were designed to speed generative AI applications . " As we've stated before , Hopper demand is very strong , broad Blackwell sampling has started , and production is on track to ramp in the second half , " an Nvidia ( NVDA.NaE ) spokesperson said in an emailed statement in response to the report . Meta , Google , and Microsoft ( MSFT.NaE ) did not immediately respond to requests for comment . Nvidia ( NVDA.NaE ) informed Microsoft ( MSFT.NaE ) and another major cloud service provider this week of a delay in the production of its most advanced AI chip in the Blackwell series , The Information said , citing a Microsoft ( MSFT.NaE ) employee and another person with the knowledge of the matter . ( Reporting by Surbhi Misra in Bengaluru ; Editing by Clarence Fernandez and William Mallard )
It def affects guidance tho
[ deleted ]
Some people just want to pour lighter fluid on the world and throw a match on it because it isn't burning .
Yeah the other tech titans are getting in trouble for massive capital expenditures … how can that mean anything other than massive revenue for Nvidia ?
buy more $ NVDA then .. I'm referring to the analysis Beth Kindig gives about $ NVDA tripling .
Right with you . The nerves are real right now
Bro he sold the stock a full quarter ago , so between 1-4 months ago it ’ s long gone at this point and Apple went up 15 % AFTER he sold .
Thanks for the insight .
I , for one , would like SEC / US Gov , to make it mandatory for any individual or corp , speaking for or against , on any media , digital or print , have to disclose their holdings , both long term & recent , along with link to their track record of predictions & / or information ( ratings system ) . If there were someone with appropriate skills to start a petition to advocate this change , I would sign it in a heart beat . Until then , & in any case , there will be both sides , Buy & Sell , Long & Short . Who do you believe , who sounds more reasonable , sway your commitment in either direction . It ’ s a tough one with publishing material in digital world is cheap & marketing on social media almost free . It seems like the companies getting impacted have deeper pockets than us , & more skin in the game to go after such persons for damaging their reputation , vs “ influencers ” using 1st amendment to hide behind , also hiding their financial motives .
To make money , you have to do the opposite of your gut . Our fight or flight instincts are built in , but are the incorrect response for investing success .
Both can be true . It can have a defect and still plan for “ production ramp later this year ”
So the h200 ' s are shipping as normal . Ok thanks lol
LOL - How does that make any sense . They are still delivering H200 ' s . They are JUST delivering and fulfilling H200 ' s . There isn't production of Blackwell as of yet . There are samples of the chip in a limited dry run so that developers can get their hands on them . And if there was an issue it is because they are making so many H200 ' s . This is just a wild report .
Hilarious .
can you share the link , I can't find it from search
[ https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ )
Because what is now is not what it might be . If AI doesn't bring the net profits soon , it doesn't matter what you spend . It stops or slows down . But this subreddit is for the meme stock investors obviously .
Yea but what people care about isn't that there's a defect , but that there would a 3 month delay because of it . It seems they've clarified that the delay part was bullshit .
You want to buy me one ? Lol
I believe it was referring to that dry run , saying they noticed issues with production . I ’ m with you though , was just answering your question
[ https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/delay-to-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-report/112240275 ] ( https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/delay-to-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-report/112240275 )
no , piss off
AI will be with us for the rest of time . It will only get more important and pervasive in our lives . The idea that AI spending has to turn a profit in a few quarters is silly . I was around for the Dotcom boom . There were lots of losers and nonexistent business plans . But the winners are the biggest and most successful companies in the world today . Sure , people are playing Nvidia for its momentum . But its revenue is real . It ’ s not a meme stock like GameStop or whatever . It ’ s the dominant player in AI and much more critical than Cisco was to the Internet boom .
We ’ ll know soon
I bought you 2 ! They are in the mail . Enjoy
the text above is from REUTERS do you have that link
didn't think so . going back to useful things now .
So it's fake . Delete this post , bro .
If we are talking looooong long term , then why the constant posts about price here ? If you are investing long term . Buy and forget about it . If you okay it for recent Qs . Then prepare for pain as well .
Remind me tomorrow
It's the same link as that . No , I can't find the exact Reuters link . I can find Barrons , Business Insider , several other sites reporting this as well . I don't have Reuters , just the link to the exact text above . For a little context though , NVDA had a very similar story \ ~ 8 months ago . Look at the stock from then . This may slow the growth , that's about it .
Jesus ... people are REALLY gonna need AI , aren't they ? If you really want to find an article , maybe cut and paste part of what's posted , then put that into a google search . It's really not that hard . [ https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/tata-electronics-bhoomi-poojan-of-assam-chip-unit-today/112237351 ] ( https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/tata-electronics-bhoomi-poojan-of-assam-chip-unit-today/112237351 )
https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ here
Sweetheart . This isn't the " Reuters " story posted above . It's hilarious how confidently stupid you seem .
Thank You . Q2 shouldn't change ... it'll still beat . Forward Guidance may change and then NVDA will beat that badly . I think all this does is change the \ ~ 180 price target from end of fiscal year ' 25 to end of 1st Quarter of ' 26 .
Is this a " Reuters " story hun ? You didn't even glance at the link , did you ? Where it says " Reuters , " right under the headline ? [ https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/delay-to-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-report/112240275 ] ( https://telecom.economictimes.indiatimes.com/news/devices/delay-to-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-report/112240275 )
And here's another link that's ... just too hard to search for with Google for the " confidently stupid , " out there . Not WANTING something to be true ... doesn't make it no true . [ https://fortune.com/2024/08/03/nvidia-ai-chip-delay-blackwell-microsoft-meta-google-design-flaw/ ] ( https://fortune.com/2024/08/03/nvidia-ai-chip-delay-blackwell-microsoft-meta-google-design-flaw/ )
yes I believe it and am all in with over 5m usd my target is 170 , 180 is ok with me lol
you saw how easy nvda hit 120 few days ago my pt is actually 170 by end this month lol
Hopefully Jensen clears everything up , because they've been telling us that Blackwell wouldn't ramp until the second half of the year anyway . So , we had no definitive launch date except " the second half of 2024 " . I think things will get cleared up in the earnings report ( let's hope ) , and by that time one month out of the alleged three month delay will be knocked out . In February he said that he wanted to be clear that Blackwell production wasn't going to be a spontaneous release , but that it would start at the bottom and slowly ramp . Maybe the beginning of that ramp really is pushed back . I guess we will find out , though .
You send me to an Indian site that says " Reuters , " but this actually cannot be found anywhere online as a Reuters story other than on this Indian site . It's not on any actual REUTERS sites , you see . It only exists on this shitty Indian Times website and nowhere else , honey buns .
Oh ... yeah , you're right . It's definitely * * * only * * * on this Indian site . How stupid can people be ? https://www.investors.com/news/technology/nvidia-delays-blackwell-ai-chip/#:\~:text=Nvidia%20(NVDA)%20reportedly%20is%20delaying,take%20place%20until%20early%202025 .
Is Barrons also " only " a shitty Indian site ? Cope with this shit or argue that they'll sell enough Hopper . I don't give a shit . But pretending this is ONLY being reported by a " shitty Indian " site ... while talking about " confidently stupid ? " LOL ... what's funnier is how people are freaking out about this . This is hardly the first time this has happened to NVDA . This JUST happened last year . But whatever ... dig the hole in the sand and pretend it's " fake . " [ https://www.barrons.com/articles/nvidia-blackwell-ai-chip-delay-3532aae2 ] ( https://www.barrons.com/articles/nvidia-blackwell-ai-chip-delay-3532aae2 )
Dude . I am talking about the Reuters article from the OP about the NVDA response . Not the larger story . Has zero to do with " cope , " LOL . I believe the larger story , but the NVDQ " response " from Reuters doesn't exist . It's the OP who is in cope mode .
dOeSNtExISt ... [ https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ )
Oh ... yeah , no , you clearly believed the larger story and didn't argue it was " It only exists on this shitty Indian Times website and nowhere else . " But no , nothing to do with cope . Yeah , that's bullshit . Just know there was also a delay last year and the stock did fine .
You didn't understand any of this from the beginning . Read the string . The OP posted a fake Reuters story about the NVDA response . It's nowhere to be found . I told him to delete it . You have entirely misunderstood everything .
You are seriously an idiot . I'm talking about the OP's fake Reuters post . That's what this is about . That's why I told him to delete his post .
No , I really haven't . You flatly questioned the veracity of the reports , claimed it was fake . He posted word for word what was written . It's not a " fake " Reuters story . How you this confidently stupid after being proven wrong ?
> It only exists on this shitty Indian Times website and nowhere else , honey buns . Still wrong darling . [ https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ )
You cannot read . The Reuters " reaction story " he posted is not found anywhere . The broad story can be found everywhere . Please go away . I'm losing IQ points talking to you .
It ’ s truly a breath of fresh air to finally see someone with shares rather than 1-2 month calls . Well done .
I feel bad for those who sold at $ 100 or lower . Imagine being convinced that “ AI is just a bubble ! ” only to see it jump up 22 % in like … . two weeks ?
I hope it reaches the $ 150 target post earnings
I have 400 share at 36 $ average price 😎
Have learned a ton about being patient this year holding NVDA and IBIT . Have to set goals and learn to ignore the price fluctuation .
Difference between trading and investing . My wife has a small professional service firm and started putting away more money than before into an SEP-IRA plan set up about 4-5 years ago . She asked for my advice on good long-term investments with growth potential . Well , NVDA was one . She has done pretty darn good by DCAing into those stocks , which she has never sold . Better than what I did with my 401 ( k ) brokerage account as I tend to bounce in and out of stocks . Up 670 % with the average share cost of $ 15.97 .
98 % of your portfolio is nvda ? !
It ’ s a marathon not a sprint .
Damn ! Here I am sitting with 8 shares 😂
Nice average !
Well done .
Up 99 today . What a week .
Isn ’ t that pretty !
Refreshing to see people with normal portfolio sizes as opposed to the people who have hundreds of thousands invested talking about the lambo they are going to buy
it ain't easy holding , when all the talking heads are saying SELL SELL SELL !
Down $ 95,000 at $ 90 Up $ 40,000 at $ 122 . Swing $ 135,000 in a week'ish ? That is investing for You ?
Correct
I am in it for the long-haul even if I ’ m down a few dollars from pre-split . I ’ m OK because I intend to hold this for 10 + years
You realize this is a good way to get cyber-hackers to " look into " your accounts .
When was it in the 70 ’ s
Yes but you can also profit just selling the range in a 5 minute candle . Why ? Because you can get more buying power ( to buy more ) on the way up . I did that today … I ’ m a newb but it seemed smart to profit on minor fluctuations .
Tell that to [ Jensen Huang ] ( https://www.google.com/search?sca_esv=9657867121c4e27e&sxsrf=ADLYWIJ8PCHarrrWmYIwKXoIBt2gzCAD9w:1723734965580&q=Jensen+Huang&stick=H4sIAAAAAAAAAONgVuLUz9U3MMszNzd5xGjCLfDyxz1hKe1Ja05eY1Tl4grOyC93zSvJLKkUEudig7J4pbi5ELp4FrHyeKXmFafmKXiUJualAwBJIsYXUwAAAA&sa=X&ved=2ahUKEwizwb2SpfeHAxXCBjQIHZ_ZB_8QzIcDKAB6BAg2EAE )
Calm down , it's just a stock .
Bad example , almost 100 % of portfolio is nividia , it would only have taken 1 poor earnings report for nividia to have droped from 90 to 70 then 60 and then be stuck for years
[ deleted ]
#ALL-IN NVDL BABY ^ Shares right ?
I'll be exercising my 101 calls by Dec and holding for the long-term
I just bought a year call today to supplement my equity , i'm honestly so excited
Does it matter ?
AI isn ’ t going anywhere . That dip was a gift , a buying opportunity .
That ’ s what they want you to do . I was down bad on my shares but I had faith .
It must be non tech people that don't understand AI all . In my opinion they have no business to invest in something they don't understand . On the bright side for the holders , someone needs to sell in the dip so people like us can buy . I bit cruel but that's needed .
What you gonna do if it does ?
My average cost is $ 5.71 !
“ Being patient ” with a stock that ’ s up 150 % YTD 🤦‍♂ ️
That ’ s awesome . My average is 5.71 . My mom recommended it .
Well , in this app yes . I'm heavily invested in my company 401k though . All my eggs aren't in 1 basket .
I ’ m quite lacking in diversification at the moment , personally . About 70 % is NVDA . Rest in a large cap growth fund . I ’ m aware of the potential risk but hopefully it ’ s a worthy gamble . Can always work longer lol .
he's still got 1.01 % to diversify 😂
They are fools .
Don ’ t need to care about week , check back in a year
When it was in the 700s pre split .
He probably was going to sell no matter the price anyway
I held and 4x ' d my investment . Come at me bro .
Man your formatting game is on point
Cancel my wendy ’ s application
dont hate lol I am new to nvda .
Was thinking the same ! ! I wouldn ’ t mind having his price entry point . Some people are just trying to break even .
Jesus , you had me scared
Probably the best company to go big on . Still risky but if I were to have 70 % of my portfolio in a singular stock it would be nvda as well . Godspeed .
Youre right , just not easy or even possible , to not take a peek ?
Yes , preplanned sales . Nothing to do with share price .
[ deleted ]
^ * thanks *
You ’ re fucking tripping . I ’ ve got 20 Wendy ’ s apps pending through all the turbulence . Keep them open . It looks good for the stock !
its only $ 18,000 so if nvda crashed , it wouldnt be that much
GODSPEED . Will check back in 1 year lol .
You'll get used to it eventually and all the feelings dull . Just need to understand intellectually you shouldn't worry so much , and eventually your feelings will get in check , at least that was the case for me .
You two lol ... Sense of humor IQ below 80 . I bet Jensen is all about the buy low and sell high .
and you 8x lost that money when u failed to predict it
# Rule 10b5 - 1 Plans come into play here .
[ deleted ]
When you bought high sold low
[ deleted ]
then you should be a m / billionaire by now if you can predict everything correctly
[ deleted ]
yeah the stock is obviously soo predictable just cuz its a " momentum stock " .
Basically what he is saying is to keep buying Nvidia because it can randomly go up 50 % for no reason .
Leave it OP . The investors who bitch and moan about drops and volatility are the same ones who only bought the top out of greed and will inevitably sell the bottom out of fear . Honestly they deserve to lose money for being so goddamn stupid .
You're leaving out that due to generational issues the market is still smothered with complete idiots when it comes to tech . People that are trying to apply 50-100 year old wisdom that really only applies to sectors like industrials , defense , aerospace , transportation and manufacturing . Tech is more about tomorrow than any of those ever will be , and as a result will naturally have higher P / Es and other fundamentals that would be a disaster for other sectors . They don't get that as well as they should . So we end up with things like this as a result from horseshit analysis of fundamentals .
Big money is always looking for the next " thing " You'll see selloff because industrial investors , hedge funds etc need the gains and have to look elsewhere . Meanwhile NVDA will move up and to to right as long as there is a need for their stuff and they innovate . Plus all the options players pushing it up and down .
When in doubt ZOOM OUT . Nvda reports earnings on august 28th . The stock dipped before the last earnings too .
Everything you said can be inverted based on your basic premise which is the market is not rational : NVDA can rise 50 % for no reason . Even the absolute worst companies like \ [ insert ticker \ ] , routinely go on a run on no news for no reason at all . You are most likely going to see , at some point in the next few years , your account rise by 50 % or more if you are primarily invested in this , or any other single stock . \ * \ * This one , though you never mention the word , is actually solid advice . Diversification is always a good idea .
It ’ s being manipulated to extract the most value it can from PUT plays .
lmao yall went from 150 eow to be ready for - 50 % real fast hahaha
Like I said , when grandmas are buying , I ’ m selling .. and now they are panicking , I ’ m buying .. that ’ s my basic NVDA indicator ! Lol
I love how everyone is saying it is manipulation . Locking in profits means down . Down means creating liquidity . Creating liquidity to accumulate before a rally ? One big cycle over months ? Guess I just hate the victim hood of ' manipulation ' because your entry sucks 🤷‍♂ ️
I think the 10 for 1 stock split is what attracted new investors . Let ’ s be honest here .
Market manipulation , investor sentiment , the weather - whatever . There are dozens of forces at work trying to shake your money loose . But it ’ s your call whether or not you succumb to them . I ’ m holding ( long shares ) , because I believe the reasons I bought in the first place are still valid .
It dropped 50 % in 2022 . If people can ’ t go back 2 years and do some homework they deserve to lose money . Relax people , this is a long term hold . Just watch their earnings every quarter and you ’ ll be fine .
You shouldn ’ t be in stocks for the short term . Easy way to lose money .
Lmao WTF is this garbage of great companies in the S & P500 " routinely getting routed and dropping 50 % for no reason " ? ! Man , this sub is garbage and not because of the people who want to discuss why the stock tanks 25 % ( $ 140 to $ 105 ) in 2 months , but because of posters like this who say this is " normal " for stocks . This might be somewhat normal for Nvidia , but it sure as hell isn't normal for most stocks . Most stocks don't tank 40 % in 2 months off no news and no big changes .
I've been swing trading and day trading NVDA and NVDD , I've made $ 13,600 real money in less than two months , and lost $ 8,000 due to holding at peak . I took a month off to practice with paper trade with a copy of my real account and practice day trading . I made $ 168 the first day , lost $ 88 the second day , then made $ 531 3rd day , $ 531 4th day , $ 561 5th day , $ 1061 7th day , and $ 543 today . As long as NVDA increases or decreases 1 % in the direction I predict , I make $ 500
No reason ? The market is actively trying to determine valuation for AI growth , which as a new technology is volatile and risky … this isn ’ t a mystery .
that's why just added 350 at $ 102 , I'm always prepared
I'm too LOCKED IN right now .
Life long Apple holder here and I understand this . I invested in Apple way before the iPod because I loved their products and my stock advisor told me that Microsoft was going take them off the board , this was during the days before Jobs came back to Apple and sales were so bad but they still had a ton of cash . I told her that something big was on the horizon ( we were mac rumors consumers and heard Job was coming back and plans for new products and even a future phone , all rumors at the time ) she of course said I was a risk taker but even after the iPod came out and was so successful folks talked about how when Microsoft had their music product out it would sink Apple of course that didn ’ t happen but every time there was great news the stock tanked . Well my ex just bought more . Same thing with the Apple Stores where the talking heads said it would be a failure it wasn ’ t . I guess it may be the same NVDA people are unsure of its success so it ’ s up and down . I also feel institutional investors when they want to get in tell their lapdogs to make bad news so the stock goes down and they can get in cheaper . I have zero proof of this but sometimes it feels this way especially when fundamentals look good but the press is bad . Don ’ t get it .
MS Opex on NVDA is up for last quarter . No reason to think that anyone else's buying has slowed down . They're going to report well and come back
For the people in full panic , I just want to emphasize that the volatility and massive fluctuations don't matter if you're planning to hold for 2 + years . That includes those of you who bought at 140 . Enjoy the ride .
People that do not understand this and / or don ’ t believe this should not be trading short term . Period . Short term trading should be left to experienced investors that fully understand their risk tolerance and short term investment strategies .
A drop that big wouldn't be no reason
The “ Smart Money ” Gamestop
It ’ s not for “ no reason . ” It ’ s because many people are selling it . You may believe everyone is selling it randomly for “ no reason , ” but that probably isn ’ t true . Sometimes the “ reason ” is an emotion like panic . “ Investor sentiment ” is a reason . Panic is a reason , even if the panic is disproportionate to the actual risk . Group psychology is hard to predict , but that doesn ’ t mean there is not a cause .
Thought of August earnings report is starting to give me ulcers
Op is a Spy gett'em ! ! ! 🎩 I'll die before I hand over dem stonks to spy ! 💀 . ( No sarcasm included , this has been a PSA have a good day every one )
Finally a voice of reason . And you better bet after something goes up by 1500 % there will be profit-taking as we ’ ve already seen . It seems like people are completely delusional thinking that this one stock will never go down
It really depends on your timeframe . I bought a lot of Nvidia and Broadcom . Had not owned it before so I ’ m looking for two years out , four years out and ten years out . So hopefully I ’ m OK . Painful when it goes down but hopefully 24 months from now be smiling . Had the same issue with Google and Amazon were splitting . I decided to double down on what I previously had . It took about 12 months to get even and now it ’ s looking great .
I think he's saying all the employees made millionaires through stocks are getting close to retiring .
Name me more then 10 companies in the past 10 years in the NASDAQ that have dropped 50 percent for no reason and lasted for 2 years , your chatting shit and fear mongering , and by the looks of things its working on the people who havent been investing for long
What about the price targets set by analysts who say on average the stock's value will be 135 to 150 in a year ?
The market is due for a massive correction . I think it will happen just before the Feds pivot and the following rotation .
None of the happened dips make any sense to me . Ain ’ t selling before it hits 125 though
Anyone see this as course correction and not loss ? We ripped up 30 percent over the past month after being up more than 100 percent since January . Sorry if you bought in after the company went up 130 percent and came back down to still record breaking profits - am I wrong ? Some people losing right now but NVDA still riding strong as hell
Can you all shut the fuck up ? The stock will go up 🤓 🥹 🥹 🥹
NVDA reminds me of CSCO from 2000 . Eerily similar .
We got baby ’ s first stock advice here . Jesus .
I am more prepared than ever , I'm 100 % cash waiting on it .
" Doing well " is a completely random metric at this point in the stock market . American stocks are all completely overblown . BMW is doing well . It's a more than 100 year old firm whose products everyone knows and desires , generating around 150 billion revenue every year , employing more than 120k people . Yet BMW market cap is around 50 billion . NVDA is already 60 times that for absolutely no logical reason as if humanoid robots with speech , feelings and true intelligence were due within the next 5 years and nVidia would be the only one providing the hardware for that .
Seems like the OP is in panic ... Man just stick to ETFs , don't bother post this nonsense BS , just sell and move on .
New to all this trading have about 550 in shares of Nvidia and I ’ m going to put little by little in to not break the bank but hopefully make some money . Where should i be looking for more information on trading and stocks in general seeing those crazy WSB rises makes me get fomo even though i know it ’ s not likely to happen because I ’ m not as knowledgeable when it comes to the market .
It shouldn ’ t drop 50 % for no reason tho there needs to be a catalyst . If that were to happen there ’ s gotta be insider info going on . It should be a steady decline not just an elevator unless there ’ s a catalyst .
no emotion needed . simple formula : buy low , sell high . i don't know why people just don't understand that . its all relative .
No reason ? Is all big tech being sooooo overpriced with cheating a good reason ? They will soon follow TWLO bubble .
[ deleted ]
I'm selling NVDA because this stock makes 0 sense . I'd rather park my money somewhere that is safer . Money is completely rotating out of chip stocks , as predicted , this shit is going back to $ 90 and below . The 15 % day we had two days ago with a obvious dead cat bounce
Just bought more because of this comment . W comment .
Lmaooooo
Hopefully not an inb 4 GME type thing right ?
Alright I'm buying more
I'm saying keep buying nvda , but do it in a way that doesn't leave you unable to survive a few years of a massive account draw down ( psychologically and financially )
😂 😂 😂
That ’ s what I read too .
Did you buy out of doing good for the world or to make money ( greed )
Those aren ’ t investors you ’ re talking about . Those are traders .
You know people said the * exact * same thing in the late 90s during the dotcom bubble . Buffet himself was called an idiot and out of touch . We all know what happened next .
> You're leaving out that due to generational issues the market is still smothered with complete idiots when it comes to tech . Err , this really makes no sense . All the big non-tech companies we see today were once small companies that grew . They were the equivalent of today's tech companies at some point in the last . Valuations are dependent on what the company has and what it is expected to produce in future and it doesn't really care what exactly the company makes .
did it drop 40 % from ATH too ?
The market is the Wild West . There are laws , but really no harm if you don't follow them ( unless you are an influencer that they can target and look like they are doing their job lol ) .
It ’ s funny how OP doesn ’ t think markets are manipulated … The world is not all rainbows and sunshine . ALL global markets are manipulated to an extent , but NVDA stock , because of its massive popularity , is massively manipulated
Absolutely . It made the buy in look more attractive ... They missed that it was the same price , just a smaller piece ...
Absolutely . It made the buy in look more attractive ... They missed that it was the same price , just a smaller piece ...
It ’ s normal for both growth and semiconductor stocks . That ’ s OP ’ s entire point - if you can ’ t handle it there are other equities out there that are far less volatile and much more defensive .
That ’ s 25 %
I feel this is 100 % driven by the the fiscal policies to try and slow the economy being effective and big players taking some profits in anticipation of a cool down .
It's normal for growth / tech stocks that are primarily priced based on future earnings and not based on yield and traditional valuation metrics . Not normal for large cap industrials , but i'm guessing the people I wrote this for who are complaining in the dailies every day don't have a ton of exposure to blue chips .
It's called buying the top of a bubble , it's gonna tank even more next few months
Price targets are pretty much the most worthless thing you could look at if trying to forecast future movements in the market . They raise them when the stock is going up and lower them when the stock is going down 90 % of the time .
They are likely right
A lotta people use that analogy but I think its a false equivalence . While patterns exist we are also pattern recognition monkeys and we'll create patterns where none exist sometimes . Cisco is a networking hardware company , Nvidia is a GPU , Ai , and datacenter company . Unfortunately for Cisco there wasn't a very large moat around their business , networking equipment has a lot of competitors and is relatively cheap to produce , Graphics cards and advanced chips are a whole other ball park , and operate on different logistics .
If you read the dailies here , you know a lot of people need to hear that advice lol .
Haven't they already been rotated ? NVDA is down 40 %
They already are getting wrecked , and I agree it's likely not over . could all see another 20 % + or more downside . Doesn't matter to me , because I don't buy after huge rallies and I just dca every month . But I worry for people around here who seem to REALLY believe that just because nvda is a great company and is growing fast , the stock price can't go down and like ... not immediately go back up lol .
well , the thing is , it's also gonna rotate back into chip stocks at some point and that's gonna be hard to predict as well . That's why I don't trade these stocks that way
RemindMe ! 1 year
Your loss g
hes saying dont put all your life savings into one egg and hope it pays off , be smart keep a rainday fund for emergencies , diversify a bit in stocks and you will be unfazed by investor hysteria
Pelosi sold MSFT and bought more NVDA , so it gives me greater confidence .
It is wild you are getting downvotes for this .
Exactly .
How in the fuck do you do that ?
What are u talking about , this is literally an investing sub
They are saying people trade on emotions and buy when hype is high ( high price , greed ) and sell when price is low ( pessimism , fear )
... I'm not sure you know what you're talking about .
You not heard of the fear and greed index ? It ’ s a play on words but either way you ’ ve missed the point spectacularly .
People look at the burst of that bubble without looking at the results . There were straight fraudulent companies allowed to go public which had absolutely no real business model that captured venture capitalist money that was flowing freely , but it also gave birth to AMZN , eBay , GOOGL , NVDA , etc . Look around your life at how much technology you interact with on a daily basis that wasn't there 30 years ago . It's certainly not impossible but it would take something like WWIII to shift the economy hard enough to dethrone tech from the top growth sector of the market .
That ’ s what frightens me .
Yeah I worked on Wall St . in the 90 ' s , so I watched it all . Billions pouring into worthless sock-puppets . The difference is the sock puppet company didn't post 10 times their year ago earnings . The sock puppet wasn't selling so much manufacturing became an issue . One of their manufacturers didn't post record earnings and still go down . In other words the 90 ' s was pure idiocy that earned a logical result . What we're seeing today is pure idiocy in the other direction based on satanic unicorns ..
It dropped 20 % from ATH last time . The up swing that followed was much larger than the previous one though . NVDA is killing it in the business and making lots of money . They will come out with earnings and crush expectations and the stock will move higher . Wallstreet just needs confirmation . And I suspect they want to push the price lower ahead of earnings for that very reason .
How is going from 140 to 105 a 40 % drop ?
Nvda is only down about 25 % the ath last time .
See TSLA and all the people crying about fundamentals . Market sentiment is a strong influence and IMO , this is the next TSLA in regards to volatility . Luckily unlike TSLA , they actually make money .
Yes ... it's a nvda sub , not a ' seasoned investor ' sub . I think this type of advice is good to hear every once in a while even for us old grizzled folks .
So fucking true
This is a specialist sub Reddit for insight and analysis of Nvidia . Your post is extremely basic advice that literally applies to any stock . It ’ s not specific to Nvidia at all , you could put this in the AMD sub or the Tesla investing sub and it effectively doesn ’ t change . It ’ s a waste of time , seriously .
Yes , I think it's more accurate to say the rotation is already underway . Who knows how much further to go , but it's definitely not " about to start " lol
Nvda is down 25 % , where is this 40 % coming from ?
[ deleted ]
What does dca mean ?
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [ * * 2025-08- 02 12:56 : 59 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-08-02%2012:56:59%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ei76nv/psa_a_company_being_great_and_doing_well_does_not/lg4t8zo/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ei76nv%2Fpsa_a_company_being_great_and_doing_well_does_not%2Flg4t8zo%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-08-02%2012%3A56%3A59%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ei76nv ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
If you follow Ramsey ’ s baby steps , you should have some kind of emergency fund ranging from 3-6 months of total expenses before doing any kind of investing . The emergency fund should be parked in a HYSA , MMF , or CDs , ideally .
This is a huge element people don't realize . Her most recent buy of Nvidia was a like a million dollar double down on her position which was already heavy into Nvidia to begin with . No ones absolutely psychic but a lot of Congressmen and women and especially pelosi have consistently beaten the market year over year , better than hedge fund managers and professional stock traders . Its obvious there is insider trading and and collusion from their privledged positions , but she hasn't sold the stock yet and she clearly sees or knows something we don't . I don't agree with it and think congress and other government branches shouldn't trade in individual stocks and at best trade mutual funds or something but for the time being I will use her stock trades as a bell weather 1000 % .
Pelosi Space Metaphor : Pelosi in the market is like a human in space vs . humans on earth , we all have to obey the laws of gravity on earth . Pelosi and other politicians do not live by those same laws .
She can afford to lose all that and more , but can you or the poor souls getting hyped up ?
Thanks
I copied this from my reply up above as it ’ s still relevant to your comment . All bubbles are founded on a kernel of truth be it the Internet , EVs or AI . Back in 2000 the Internet was the future . Truly great Internet companies like Amazon were the future . There were wonderful winners in that bubble that would go on to dominate tech . But when the bubble popped it wasn ’ t just the worthless sock-puppet companies that tanked - everything did and tech the hardest . Amazon dropped 90 % alone . Realistically nobody here would ’ ve held through that kind of drop . So yes truly great companies can and will drop 50 % . Yes tech can be the ultimate future but you can still lose your shirt on them . And yes time and tested principles of valuation will still be relevant regardless of what the masses shout and scream .
Sounds like Intel and Tesla lol .
You say that , but the dotcom bubble wasn't just a bunch of " fake " companies . Even the more established companies like Apple , Microsoft , Cisco , Intel , Qualcomm , IBM etc went down pretty hard during this time .
You ’ re missing the point which is not so surprising for someone working in Wall Street at that time . The Internet * was * the future . Truly great Internet companies like Amazon * were * the future . There were wonderful winners in that bubble that would go on to dominate tech . But when the bubble popped it wasn ’ t just the worthless sock-puppet companies that tanked - * everything * did and tech the hardest . Amazon dropped 90 % alone . Realistically nobody here would ’ ve held through that kind of drop . So yes truly great companies can and will drop 50 % . Yes tech can be the ultimate future but you can still lose your shirt on them . And yes time and tested principles of valuation will still be relevant regardless of what the masses shout and scream .
And it did drop while jobless reports and manufacturing and payrolls are shit like what's happening right now ? Man , I hope you're right otherwise , it's all losses from now on .
Obviously one where it isn't a 25 % drop lmao
It ’ s a specialist investing sub for Nvidia specific analysis . It ’ s not baby ’ s first stock investment advice . This is advice for someone buying literally any stock , it has nothing to do with Nvidia .
" specialist sub " brother , you're on reddit
One look at the daily threads here tells you that this sub has more in common with r / superstonk or wsb than it does with any serious discussiong of NVDA's technology , NVDA as a company , or the semiconductor sector .
It absolutely could , yes . There are so many things that \ * could \ * happen that could cause the stock to massively unwind even if it's still performing well ... because stocks fall and rise ( especially tech stock ) on SPECULATION about what will happen in the future . Rising rates ? future growth less valuable Fear of layoffs or macro economic issues ? less add demand , less spend on future growth in tech , fear rev will fall , etc NVDA margins stay high ? people start worrying about AI chip compute commoditization . They lose a major player because they move off of NVDA and you'll probably see a massive hit from this scare more than once . Monopolies do not hold overtime , and there will be a lot of people trying to get out " ahead of " the eventual hardware commoditization push
dollar cost average .
If you follow Dave's BSs at all you're losing money . 1 . EF of $ 1000 is woefully inadequate - gotta at least have enough to cover your deductibles , so $ 5000ish probably . 2 . Get out of debt . Yes , even if the car loan is 1.5 % like mine was . Everything else is shit .
Thats not correct mindset . Everyone wants to make money rich or poor .
She bought at what price ? 110 ? You saw it run twenty points in a single session . That was 48 hours ago . My point is the bottom keeps on getting bought up very quickly . Sell if you want , or just buy a put if you think it ’ ll get worse .
I understand that , and I know some of these fringe AI companies are going to fail . In fact , my bet is the majority of AI startups fail . That's kinda the way it always is in tech , trying to pick the winners there is a needle in a haystack . But IMHO this bubble is vastly different than the internet bubble as back then there were companies that were 100 % a webpage , that's it . No products or services , just a shell of a business plan with a valuation based solely on venture capitalist investment . And literally every one was new . This time we have some of the biggest companies in the world heavily investing into the sector . Companies like NVDA and TSMC are getting included but they are really a hardware companies . MSFT , AMZN , GOOG , META , etc existed before the bubble and have a real flow of income outside venture capital investment . People keep suggesting AI companies are having trouble showing how it can be profitable because it's being largely implemented out of the public eye and has near completely replaced some jobs in creative industries and making headway in administrative , analytic , and service based industries .
Tesla is kinda a mess right now so I don't know where they're heading . The writing has kinda been on the wall with INTC for a few years due to getting a bit too comfortable with their market position in business / personal computers which lead to AMD and eating into their market share and now both have to worry about ARM splintering things further who are planning to aggressively capture the laptop market through the realization that the vast majority of users don't need the power INTL / AMD are charging them for in the cloud era and looking to beat on heat / power consumption / price .
Don't forget CSCO .
Apple was nothing back then as it was pre cellphone . But sure the rest went down because everything went down , everything . At that point we're not talking about winners and losers but whether one can handle overall market volatility and time horizon . If you're counting on capital gains instead of divs and are nearing retirement scared of a correction or larger pull back in the market , then this isn't about stocks or even sectors / indices , it's your personal risk tolerance . Go look at the top holdings of any NASDAQ or S & P index . Even the Dow is 40 % tech and financials . If you are worried NVDA is going to truly shit the bed along with the all current tech giants , get out of everything and sit in cash . You just better hope you time it perfectly on both ends or you're going to be caught on the outside looking in .
... and YOU are missing the point . Which I'm not really surprised about given your attitude . The point is we don't have the damn sock puppets today . What we have are media-tards like Cramer and his brethren stoking irrational fears based on completely different situations . AI is actually making money hand over fist . Netscape , Presstek , or the sock puppet never actually made any . What I didn't say was I left Wall St , in my 20 ' s because I recognized it for what it is , and didn't want the money anymore . Instead I went on to do something that was always a hobby , to the point where I knew more than most with comp-sci degrees . That's why I'm not guessing what's wrong . I know what's wrong . Because I know where the money is going and to which companies . Sock puppets are completely irrelevant . BUT , that doesn't mean the memory of it won't still bring the sector down . Samson killed 10,000 Philistines with the jawbone of an ass . AT LEAST 10,000 stock portfolios are killed the same way every day ! ! !
Do you know my sentinment when I bought my first Nvidia position 8 years ago ? I hoped for it to go down 90 % immediately to buy more at the beginning and not later . In 2022 Nvidia dropped to - 75 % from ATH . I didn't buy more because I built a large position from 2016-2018 ( after crypto drop ) . In 2022 I would have actually averaged up my buying price and I didn't want to . But I have to admit , I didn't anticipate the runup in the past 2 years . I have always been convinced that ML / AI will be large growth driver for Nvidia but I also see the hype . Since my cost base is $ 1.80 , I don't really care much what the stock does since I bought Nvidia to keep it for decades anyway . I see no other company with equally good leadership and culture . I highly recommend reading 100 - baggers from Christopher W . Mayer . That book made me an investor in business models and not in stock prices .
Jobless reports and manufacturing and payrolls are shit ? Can you explain further ?
Idk , ever since I ’ ve started following the baby steps I don ’ t feel that I have lost money . Baby step 1 is to start your EF , which has that EF increase to 3-6 months worth of expenses on baby step 3 . I think baby step 2 should have an asterisk to denote on disregarding low interest rate loans besides just the house . That way , you can start on baby step 3 , while paying the minimum monthly payments on the loans . However , it ’ s best to get rid of the loans so you can have more capital to quickly complete baby step 3 and start on steps 4-7 . Though , I wouldn ’ t doubt it if there are some circumstances where a more personalized plan is better . At that point , you should speak to a financial advisor to help make a plan
My question is if Intel goes under or bankrupts then who will provide all the chips for the PC's and laptops of the world ! ?
Valid points . I can tell you Tesla will be fine until my puts expire worthless , then it may take a dive when I buy calls .
THIS The only way to get away from a Tech correction is to invest in bonds . However , even they moved down the past days lol .
Chill bud . Emotion and equities do not mix well . Just remember - valuation is always relevant , regardless of what the next big thing is .
> AI is actually making money hand over fist . Hardly lol
Reports for the macro economy of the US is very bad this Q , if we see lower than expected GDP for the next Q we are officially in a bear market ..
I don't anticipate that , but barring some innovation I question their growth potential . But if it did happen AMD , ARM , and really we might see NVDA diversify their offering or TSMC start selling branded chips .
Intel will likely not go bankrupt but they are significantly shifting their business model .
Intel wont go bankrupt , their too tied into the military industrial complex .
Just wanna thank everyone who's planning on coming to my birthday party .
Just wanna thank everyone who's planning on cashing out after earnings . The dip will be an excellent opportunity for serious investors .
Want to thank everyone who has no idea what nvda is or does but continue to drop money at ATHs . You da real mvp .
Oh such a smart little guy you want a cookie ?
Just want to thank everybody who thought , " I don't fucking care . "
This is the internet at it's best . I love it . I'm reading these comments laughing out loud by myself .
Can ’ t wait to buy my lambo with plates : LUVNVDA
Remember when it went down to $ 95 and everyone panicked lol Can't wait until it happens again
Nobody here " panic selling , " did shit for you . BOJ raised interest rates and traders funds had to sell . If ALL the retail traders sold , that'd impact the market . They didn't .
I ’ d like to thank everyone who posts in this sub who provide me with a good laugh every day . 🍻
I bought at $ 130 , then at $ 140 , then I bought 3x as much at $ 95 . I ’ ve been panic buying for close to 6 months now
Just wanna thank my alarm clock for keeping me from buying nvda calls today
I bought at 115 and some more at 105 . Not a ton , but still pretty happy about the judgement call .
95 damn Schwab had that glitch that morning and locked a bunch of us out until it was at 102 . They owe me . There was an apology . It read Sorry for the inconvenience .
Want to thank all the long-term shareholders like me who believe in what NVDA is doing and see no need to sell . I ’ m holding shares at an average of $ 31.50 . Patience wins the day in the end .
Wonder how many are doing it today ! ! !
I've been in back and forth since $ 29,2 ( post split ) - just sold it all today at $ 130 . waiting for the dip to get back in !
You're welcome , enjoy my money lol
That was me . I'm good with my decision
Nvda will have more volatility but good entry
And everyone who invested their grandmother ’ s inheritance into another company that is not NVDA
I ’ m mad that I FINALLY bought at $ 99 on the dip , then sold at almost $ 130 . I should ’ ve just held onto all of those shares for life .
Ok so if earnings are off should well sell as fast as possible and then pick it back up when hits bottom ?
Not too fast ! We have no idea how the stock will perform after earnings release on Wednesday ! !
Was it really people panicking or was it institutions who could no longer leverage their positions due to the Japan thing ?
Thank the Bank of Japan , genius .
Same . Thanks to 24 hr trading shutdown , my order at 94 was filled then rejected . But still got in at 99 👍
So you just sold ?
o
$ 4.96 average cost 😎
Yes , those who missed the last dip may not see it again for a few more months of at all . Their Auto stack will start coming into play in late 2025 .
nvda is bleeding hard right now , postpone your birthday for a few days
That's not how it works , but sure dude , you do you , gamble away .
Shit is not dropping lmao I'd be very suprised if it ever dips below $ 110 again
Can't wait for everyone to get wrecked when they miss earnings Expectations catch up I'm guessing $ 25B revenue and 0.62 EPS
Ill bring the white powder substance
I'll be there , Brother . You cool with me wearing that inflatable dinosaur suit again ?
What Color is your new lambo ? Yellow ?
Jokes on you , i'll be selling couple weeks after and wait the next dip to get back in , mister SERIOUS investor .
It will be but notice I said take some profits , not cash out , I ’ m holding since $ 600 - Thinking of maybe cashing out then buying the dip
I set aside a nice chunk of change just waiting for this .
Everyone knows they sell computers
Why not NVDA $ $ $
Shut up with your facts
The fruits of your fomo , will soon bloom
Same , got only 5 friggin shares bc I had an open order . Fidelity closed that morning .
What ’ s your profit so far ?
Why not wait for earnings easily gonna hit $ 150
Nice
If you ’ re holding long term , buying the dip doesn ’ t really matter does it ?
I know it ’ s down almost a whole 2 dollars
I think it might be how it works a little
And if does buy buy buy
Once Blackwell hits it ’ s even more of a rocketship - and this all leads to humanoid robots in ~ 10 years
Why do people without money always want everyone else to be like them ?
Oh thanks ! I needed some corn starch for my groin rash
Thanks , i needed to wash my clothes anyways
Of course ! I'll turn the ceiling fan off this time .
To be clear we decided disco 🪩 good idea , vape juice in the fog machine bad ? !
My 1/64 scale is red , not yellow
Yeah never understood this mentality . Like you don ’ t get some kind of award for holding stock forever . Nothing wrong with trading it and taking advantage of market movements ..
And if there ’ s no dip ?
Makeup is where they make most of their money , though . That and lingerie .
Just like Mr . Costanza
flip the dollar signs because it looks like it says nvidia asss
Just over 300 % .
I hope it will for everyone in here , but my gut says different regardless if they beat expectations .
What ’ s up dude
It matters to me but that is what has been peddled by the Mutual Fund Industry . DCA every month , it will even out eventually . For me having that cushion is comforting but there is always a possibility of FOMO which has not been great . We are looking at this in hindsight so sure people missed out badly but that does not mean jump in with both feet at the highs just because one plans to hold long term . It ’ s whatever philosophy one applies but I agree time is a huge factor in growth of one ’ s wealth .
Better cash out before then 😂
Everyone's a genius in a bull market
Come on , they were obviously talking about salt , like for your fries
👀
Thanks , man ! I'll see you there !
Vape juice in the fog machine 😂
The award is you don ’ t pay taxes on the gains yet , unless it ’ s a retirement account , then you can buy and sell all you want .
It has to at some point
I heard they were starting a leather jacket line
No , no , no ... They make the " Jump To Conclusions " mat !
That ’ s why I put em like that
Called it
Me too . I pulled out on Friday . I ’ m going to sit out this earnings , the expectations are just too high right now .
Holding , gonna try to get some more at open
Why every workforce is gonna replace humans with bots that think better , are more efficient , never get tired and don ’ t need healthcare
who cares if youre taxed ? not selling for the sake of having to pay tax is akin to not accepting an increase in salary with your employer because you will owe more tax . If someone plans to continue making stock moves after they take profits , there is absolutely no reason not to sell for fear of tax . Now , if you work a day job and prefer to just hang on to your shares over the years , thats perfectly fine too but the tax break you get for doing so should just be looked at as a small perk of going that route ... Not the sole and proper thing for everyone .
Reading through your comments , you ’ re clearly an idiot who doesn ’ t understand that price is about more than the charts .
But it might only dip to higher than its going to be now . Eg it's 126 now , might be 140 past earnings , then keeps climbing to 150 eoy and then maybe dips back to 140 but never back again to 120ish .
Could you imagine if they did a limited edition run of that leather jacket , it would sell out so quickly !
The coyote fur shoulder pads is really key
Also pharmaceuticals . Hopium .
No they're not . Expectations are lower than they have been the last couple quarters ... and they'll exceed them . Does anyone here listen to the earnings from the companies directly related to NVDA ? When everyone's increasing capex , when SMCI is doing more business but at lower margins , when TSMC is doing the same and INCREASING the number of NVDA stacks from 40,000 to 60,000 ( though increased margins will hurt NVDA ) ... I don't see how people think their earnings won't start in the 30s with still \ ~ 75 % margins on their GPUs ?
Allergic to money ?
Atta boy
Not a buy and hold guy I see !
Unless other economic conditions force all of the market into retreat . There are also those scenarios . Or , war in the Middle East .
Just like all those stupid things Tesla sells like Tequila .
I'm buying what Nancy is buying .
If I get $ 700k to invest should I look at NVDA or INTC ?
Don't come here being all rational and shit
Did he just say all stocks go down and up again . Edit BUY BUY BUY we can't lose
Not a bad idea to pin this . Just add the current price to the post
The amount of hopium posts is a definite wanting sign lmao
I do think NVDA will fall further - set a couple of limit orders
Seriously just look at what the big money is doing . They ’ re getting out of NVDA . It went up by 1500 % . I can ’ t believe how naïve people are to think that there ’ s not gonna be significant profit taking . I don ’ t care if the stock is going to have a product that cures cancer . Profit-taking is in full swing and you can ’ t fight the big money
Buy now and DCA if it goes lower . Done .
Thank you ! The saviour we didn't know we needed !
I agree with everything except # 1 and # 4 which are interrelated . Looking at historical bubbles , NVDA may have peaked during the most recent run up . Yes , ‘ most companies ’ go up in the long term but newsflash , some don ’ t . A more honest and relevant question is – will NVDA outperform total market in the long-term ? Answer : nobody knows . NVDA isn ’ t a magical company where valuation rules don ’ t apply … the forward P / E of future AI growth remains highly speculative . Also , there ’ s incredible risk with holding an outsized portion of your portfolio in a single stock … as seen by some with CRWD and INTC lately - everyone needs to accept that . OP ’ s main point here is to encourage everyone to stop the constant hunt for copium … this sub is full of bias , where holders will tell you everything is sunshine and rainbows . Does this make you feel better ? Probably . However , it won ’ t matter if NVDA is down another 20 % in Q3 .
OP must be a billionaire who can predict the future
The ONLY way NVDA goes back up is if I sell my shares . Cramer said to hold NVDA for the long term , so it won ’ t go up anytime soon .
Source : Trust me bro
we hit the bottom
This is terrible advice . Since Nvidia became hype , this sub experienced a lot of first time investors and GME folks . People are all in in NVDA or major part of their portfolio and are reading these horrible takes . No single stock is guaranteed to go up forever . There are plenty of stocks where people bought at the top and waste money for decades . The only thing worth buying blindly is a well diversified ETF . It can also go down , but if a single company fks up or hype ends , it will still grow long term . Nvda had great success and the people who were in early - great . But times can change . It's absolutely stupid not to manage risk if invested in single stocks .
How about the recession and the entire stock market crash ?
When will the AI bubble burst ?
Whos getting this shit tatted on their forehead ? 🙋‍♀ ️
1 . You don't know that . No one does . 2 . You don't know that . No one does . 3 . Yes , or to go down and never back up again , or to go up and down and up and down and remain flat for years . 4 . You don't know that . No one does .
If one bases their acquisitions on their emotions or ego then maybe they shouldn't be investing at all . If one cannot stick with the peaks and valleys , then one needs to stay off the mountain . Panic has no business in investment decisions . Just my two cents .
Ah , still in the Denial stage ?
Tell that to the CEO of NVIDIA who is selling shares as fast as possible I ’ m old enough to remember when Gates did this in 2000 . Microsoft was on top of the world with no one in its way yet he sold his ass off and ultimately it took 15 years for the stock to recover . The PE was 34 when I bought . In and it took 15 years to break even . So sure buy the hell out of NVDA . But if you think this thing is going to 20 X again Thing again . It won ’ t .
One bad earnings away from the bubble bursting .
OP is bagholding hard and delusional really funny to see
Degens , I ’ ve been saying . Will say it again . NVDA has had its run . It was all hype , pump and dump shit . Get out at lower highs .
Number 4 is extremely disingenuous . NVDA is selling AI hype to everyone . NVDA directly might not go down first or at all , but saying the AI bubble isn ’ t going to create some generational losses is pure fiction .
At this point , no one ’ s stock investments are safe after what just happened . We experienced a complete blood bath Sunday 11pm - now . Tesla was running up to $ 270 levels . It ’ s now trading below $ 195 AMD was running up to $ 170 levels It ’ s now trading at $ 123 - $ 130 Bitcoin was rallying up to $ 72,000 It ’ s now trading at $ 51,000 GameStop was steady at $ 26 - $ 32 It ’ s now trading at $ 19 Worst of all , NVDA was trading at $ 141 — — — It ’ s now trading at $ 97 There is an entire list of “ Red Red Red ” stocks across IPO ’ s right now taking a blood bath . It would be normal , in our cycle , if there were not tens of analysts and market professionals just saying a week ago , Wednesday-Friday , that the market is doing well and growing . By Sunday , it flipped on its head and flopped . That isn ’ t normal . Losing 40 % of value , from the world ’ s most exciting stock and most traded stock , is not normal . Not when their quarterly ’ s are expected to produce billions in net income again plus they created an isolated chip just for the country of China 🇨🇳 . Even if it ’ s delayed or has a design flaw , it ’ s still made for … . It takes years just to make a product let alone let one be in an engineerings teams outline and mapping for schematics . It ’ s already made — - now it just needs isolating variables to test out flaws .
[ For anyone that wants a little sneak peek ] ( https://www.capitoltrades.com/ )
INTC only if is from Nana ’ s inheritance
Nahhh bro that's meaaannnn lmao
Only INTC of course , then DCA endlessly until you are dead
What would grandma say ?
GME , obviously
Intel is cheap enough now that it's actually quite compelling tbh . I'm dismissing their entire product side , but the foundry business has potential . TSMC is a nigh 1 Trillion dollar company , if intel could actually execute with their nodes and advanced packaging they can easily triple in 2025 .
Is that you again Katie ?
Both , but INTC should get no more than 1/2 of 1 % since it ’ s a long shot .
SNAP / INTC they will come roaring back
Intel .
Pokemon
I am a noob nobody starter investor , and even I already know that nothing is guaranteed when dealing with the stock market , and even more true when dealing with high-growth tech stocks , you are safe only if you can “ predict ” the future ( e . g . insider info and friends in the right places to give you a hint just a few weeks before a black swan event )
103 at the time of this post . 122 at the time of this comment ;)
Let me guess , “ rug pull incoming ” , “ bull flag ” ?
I hope so . I would like to buy more , as much as possible .
This should be pinned to the top 👍
The next best thing to seeing the future is seeing the past and making rational decisions based on it …
Hes been saying own it dont trade it for at least 5-6 years .. so sorry to break it to you but hes been right
I am down 6k but have made this amount of dividends recently to offset the current loss . I believe my stocks will rise again and I continue to get paid dividends . I bought both NVDA and NVDY and am holding on to both . I'm not in a panic , that is no way to be an investor .
I disagree and predict that it will go up in November , significantly . We'll see .
It literally is .
Nowhere did I say you should invest everything into NVDA and ignore diversification . I simply spoke my mind . You don ’ t have to follow this advice . It ’ s fair that you say you don ’ t have faith in NVDA , but you are critiquing points I didn ’ t even make … .
And then ? What happens after that ?
You talking to yourself here ?
How is that Denial stage going now for you ?
Mm because everyone will be like wait , our saviour was earnings now w we really fucked and everyone will become a bear 🏳 ️‍🌈 🐻
Everyone is bagholding at some point , what are you trying to say ? Are you saying you can time the market 100 % of the time ?
Saving your comments for autumn
Again , where did I say that ? Come on , guys . I said it ’ s not going to burst soon . Of course once it bursts I will create insane losses . But I also don ’ t believe this will happen in the next 5 years . And also , ITS AN OPINION .
🤣 🤣 🤣 ♥ ️ 👌🏼
Same management ...
Long shot ? The only USA based fab ?
Save some money to buy Enron too .
Snapchat ?
There is one thing guaranteed . Five years from now , you will have wished you had bought Nvidia when it was only $ 200
Yep bubble happens and this is one big bubble that is popping
I accept your apology
If it ’ s like most stocks it will go up after I sell . I may sell prior to November and that will increase your odds .
And I did not say , that u said to go all in . I said inexperienced people come to this sub and read those terrible takes like yours and think nothing can go wrong with their all in strategy . Can NVDA go up ? Sure . Can NVDA go down AND stay down ? Sure . U basically said it will definitely go up .
Op at this point your just arguing with trolls the amount of trolls on the reddit is crazy high it also feels like there is zero mederation in this sub
Everything fucks up , NVDA could beat the earnings and still tank 10 % , it's just others will tank 20 %
About to reach my first level lmao 96-97 . Should bounce from there . Else rip . It ’ s tanking quicker than I thought . But it ’ s not just NVDA rn tho . Market had good bull run with no pullbacks , so we will see .
Name a single company profiting off AI right now considering the capEx infrastructure costs and markup from NVDA . The number 1 customer ( openAI ) that started this boom is losing money hand over fist . Name one
Not true
Joke . Please don ’ t do that lol
Maybe , who knows if the latest few dips were temporary or a correction
This here
How did that popping go for you ?
Very kind of you to consider others . Thank you .
I don ’ t understand , what exactly are you adding here to the discussion ? I simply summed up what majority of this sub says to the questions I outlined . Yes , NVDA can go down . Yes , NVDA can go up . But it is MY OPINION that it will be up long term ( meaning around 5-10 years ) . I don ’ t understand what you want . Do you want everyone who thinks NVDA will go up to shut up ? How is your advice any better ?
Poop go into toilet
And then ?
NVDA is profiting massively .
A company can't possibly make the kind of money Nvidia is making without the market eventually recognizing it . With profits like it is making , it either has to grow , pay dividends , or buy stock back . All of these will boost the stock price . That's the basis of Warren buying value stocks ... buying undervalued stocks that are making a ton of money . The market eventually has to recognize that X company has a ton of money
U said " pin NVDA will go definitely up to the top of the sub " . I said that it is a terrible take , because investors with no experience will believe this cult like opinion this sub developed along the hype , and might expose themselves to serious risk . Tldr : be careful what u say , it might affect others in a serious way . Ofc u are not responsible for their actions , but as I said , this develops cult like status - NVDA can only go up long term ( which is wrong )
No and then
So stock market just goes to 0 and stays dead forever ?
And thennnnnnn ...
to the mooooon 🚀
meme coins ?
And then ..
profit ?
For every crash that's ever happened , there's always been a period of amazing growth afterwards that wipes out your losses
September is usually down overall , slow crawl back up .
Nvda - 75 % margins Investors - margins were off 😂 😂 😂 😭 😭 😭 💀 💀 💀
Earnings beats plus $ 50 billion buy back , NVDA is still a great company and is gonna go up !
Buybacks worth 50B have been announced yayayayayy
This is the beauty of investing . A test of patience .
So should we be loading up ? 👀 🫶
I ’ m dunno . I think the rest of 2024 is gonna a lot of meh .
Sell covered calls way OTM to collect premiums in September while market cools off .
Long term . In two years it will be higher than 130 . Just hold and see the glory
You didn't mention the stock valuation .
It couldn't get over $ 130 when everyone was whipped up into a frenzy
I have none of this stock but Reddit keeps suggesting this sub , so let's see what happens . RemindMe ! 2 months
Already at 122 this morning . I can't believe I doubted it yesterday .
Beat beat raise . Green today .
Sure 😂
Why ? does the new guidance grants such a high p / e multiple anymore ? Price very well could stay put for a year until earnings catch up and it goes back to its average p / e of around 30 . NVDA can't grow faster than the market and the market is not expected to grow faster than it already is . And AMD is around the corner with offerings that will be a match to nvda's due to the blackwell delay . We are already seeing margins going down to low 70s for the next Qs ( 75 % margin for all of 2024 in the call )
Mid october is my target date for upward trajectory .
Based on what key identifiers of fundamentals ? PE is 56 which is too high . Others ? Once Amazon , Microsoft , Alphabet / Google , Tesla , OpenAI stops buying to wait for ROI then what ?
I just received word that NVDA is selling to HP . 🤞
[ removed ]
ha
Oh yeah I've got nvidia for the long haul anyway . It is wild though how they have maybe one of the greatest earnings reports in history but the Share price still drops because analysts wanted even more haha .
The money has moved from NVDA to AAPL and after the AAPL news cycle is up ... they will all run back to NVDA
Do you think it will be at $ 130 by the end of the month ?
I believe in NVDA.My covered calls are smiling , but my calls will take a good beating tomorrow .
“ if the economy tanks ” bro says that like warren buffet didn ’ t start liquidating and JP didn ’ t announce rate cuts — NVDA was the last hope for bulls before the recession , starting tomorrow SPY on the way to $ 190 lmfoaoooooo
pure high-grade copium
Jensen Huang just said that they expect Margins to DECREASE moving forward . This was a good ER . It was not the type of ER that NVDA needed at their current level of growth . We're waiting on Blackwell from here on out .
Yup , August and September ( except this year , with rate cuts ... who knows ) are generally called Doldrums for a reason . Just chill and coast . Unless you need money right this second or have a turkey like INTC , you should always hold stocks long term .
Yep . Average gain ( since 1927 ) in the month of Sept is like -1.5 %
Seriously ! !
This is bad news , meaning the board knows business alone will be enough to keep the current valuation . Also , they don ’ t have better areas to the cash than buybacks
Exactly . Investing is being paid for taking on risk . And risk means it can go up or down . People who can't deal with that should " invest " in interest bearing savings accounts .
Agree . I was all-in in the summer of 2018 . By early 2019 , my net worth was halved . Imagine the anguish of losing 50 % . This 6-7 % “ adjustment ” is nothing . I don ’ t regret holding NVDA for the last 6 years , and the awesomeness is just beginning .
Yes
You don ’ t have any idea what your doing do you 😂
Back the truck up
This
This is the way
Pretty grim thinking it only goes ( slightly ? ) above 130 in 2 years
You mean weeks ?
2 years ? Nah it doesn ’ t need so long lol
If you think it'll take 2 years to get back to 130 , you sell . The market returns 8-10 % . You don't sit on a stock for 2 years with next to 0 growth to get back to where it was this week . I'm not staying in for \ ~ 2300 bucks in Dividends a year .
Closer to 2 weeks
So you ’ re saying pull the handle and come back in 2 years and the spinning we be stopped on all gold bars , right ?
Over 130 within a month is pretty clear . At least at 130 , people should stop worrying .
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [ * * 2024-10- 29 12:30 : 00 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-10-29%2012:30:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f3rrn6/chill_itll_be_over_130_soon/lkhqjwj/?context=3 ) [ * * 2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f3rrn6%2Fchill_itll_be_over_130_soon%2Flkhqjwj%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-10-29%2012%3A30%3A00%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f3rrn6 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Lmaoooooooooo
Amazon , MS , goog are buying to provide cloud services for customers . They're out of capacity , which is why they're buying more and nvda has a year backlog . The hyperscalers will keep buying as long as their customers need the capacity .
More likely than not , but even a 51 % chance is not enough to gamble on .
I have ( had ) over half my NVDA holdings in LEAPs , so they'll take a beating along with yours . They'll still be in the black though , and a month or three won't much difference for LEAPs .
He's at 26 % cash and his all-time high has been 40 % cash in 2004 . I don't understand why people see warren buffet stock sales as an indicator of a recession .
Warren Buffett sold all his tsm shares in 2022 and look how much he missed out on … 😅 ngl I sold off all my shares then too after seeing that headline , and it ’ s probably one of my biggest regrets . I ’ ve since swore to not copy his moves and only use as reference , he may be good but even he can ’ t predict everything .
You think SPY is going to drop roughly 65 % because Nvidia reported a beat and raise on the top and bottom line despite Blackwell delays ? What a fucking moronic take . Show me how tiny your account size is .
Looking back on it , I ’ m not sure that if Jesus Christ himself had returned and delivered the ER inscribed on gold scrolls and riding a white winged unicorn that the bottom wouldn ’ t have fallen out . As a mathematician my research has been in stability theory and how it plays out in the non-math world . I see this situation as having become well out of equilibrium and due for a shift to lower the overall stress in the system . Fundamentally , it will continue to grow . But returns like the last 18 months are probably not good for the long term stability of the stock . Diamond hands .
intc long enough term will go up … . just need to wait for nvidia to buy it for its fab though 🤣
Plus elections in November then Christmas ! I love this shit !
Could still be the rate cuts have been predicted alll year .
Should . I hold . Off . On sidelines and wait for end of September ?
Funny cause it ’ s my birthday month . So many gifts !
The value will go up now ! This is good news ?
Wrong . You buy shares back when you think they're at a better price than they will be or than you believe they should be . In no world are you doing buybacks if you expect the business and revenue to drop .
Nope , wbu ?
You bought the top of a 3 trillion company what do you expect . So many people are up big from years prior are dumping on your head
It's very possible . The stock is overvalued and everyone who is buying it now is paying a premium .
Wise words
Fuck no . I'd be out after 5 years . I'd take my money and put it into a HYSA and live off that if I thought it'd take two years . Next May , it'll be 170-180 . Blackwell comes out , the margins will drop , as Jensen said , but the revenue will shoot up . 200B in Fiscal ' 26 . I do think it's going to be a couple of rough quarters , but ... whatever . It was MUCH rougher in ' 22 and I stayed in then .
Yeah . 2 weeks …
Who are the Customers and what are their quarterly numbers ? It doesn ’ t look like everyone else is reporting great results every quarter .
I mean , NVDA's was a little more complex than that . It was really a miss given what Wall Street expected , the miss on net revene ( but then also the 50B buybacks ) . But yeah , SPY may drop 10 % through the rest of the year , but it's NOT dropping 65 % . That is absurd .
I don't think the bottom is falling out , I just think the big GROWTH in NVDA is pushed out a bit . This wasn't good enough for the rate they're growing . But I also think anything below 110 , people should be buying . If it gets there . I've been in here since ' 20 . So I went through the drop from 360 to 120 . This ain't that . This is a good but not GREAT ER . That's all . This needed 33/34 B to push this to 140-150 and keep the ball rolling . Now ... it's settling in and ... it'll just take a little longer .
Would never happen , they didn ’ t allow NVDA to buy ARM for the same reason .
do you think the ftc would even allow that ?
How so ? All they ’ re doing is taking the cash that you as a shareholder have a claim to and using it to purchase and retire shares . It will only create value if the share price rises above the price which they use your cash to purchase the shares
Apple's revenues have stagnated since 2021 . They did a massive buyback to prop up the share price .
I would wait , it will dip lower
Ask chatgpt " What companies are using AI ? " Then ask google the same . See which gives a better answer .
What ? Nvidia wasn ’ t a miss by any definition . It literally beat the analysts earnings and revenue forecast for this quarter AND next quarter . Not sure you know what you ’ re talking about . Did you actually look into the numbers at all ? They ’ re estimating nearly $ 800M higher than what analysts predict for next quarter , which we know is them underselling what ’ ll likely be reported . That ’ s _WITH_ Blackwell being delayed a quarter . There is nothing close to a miss in this report .
Buybacks are actually a positive sign because they reduce the number of shares available in the market , which can increase the value of the remaining shares . It ’ s like cutting a pizza into fewer slices — each slice becomes bigger . It also shows that the company believes its stock is a good investment , which can boost investor confidence . So , while it might seem like just spending cash , it ’ s often a smart way to return value to shareholders .
I'm not even going to address this . You're taking ONE example of buybacks ( which NVDA does regularly and is a very common thing ) and you're applying some meaning behind it because of AAPL in ' 21 ? LOL ... stop it .
I think you ’ re right . As a NVDA bull I ’ m hoping it drops a little and I can add a few shares also . Not like these whales lol , maybe 10 . Although I ’ m pretty sure a lot of people lie like us fishermen on here .
Using everyone is as there is nothing to do due to redundancies across the Enterprise and eliminating those redundancies will cost millions - The reason Big 3 are doing so well . Who is getting a ROI and reporting spectacular results every quarter ? Doubt ChatGPT or Gemini can answer . By the time they answer , the bubble would have popped .
How new to investing are people here ? You really need to to be able to look at " expectations " and " beats , " and do more than say , " oh , they beat , yah ! " 1 - It's decelerating growth is a HUGE problem for a company that's gone from 500B to 3.2 T market cap in a very short period of time . It was always going to decelerate , but it's decelerating too much . 2 - It DID miss on net revenue . You know , actual money coming in . That's the result of smaller margins ... 3 - Those margins , they're CLOSING . They're going to have lower margins the back half of Fiscal ' 25 according to Huang . 4 - You have to be smart enough to look at more than just " expectations , " and say , ' well , NVDA beat , that's great . " No , as I just wrote in a post a couple days ago , if they JUST beat or meet , they're going to drop 25 % . The " whisper " numbers for NVDA were 33/34 M revenue . They are GUIDING for 32.5 They did more than " just " beat so it's not dropping 25 % ( but a " beat " easily could have ) . 5 - So what ? Blackwell was delayed a quarter . Do you think that changes the fundamentals for the BETTER ? No , it HURTS them . A " beat " with NVDA is priced in . They've gone from ... something -31.6 % , 19.4 % , 11.9 % and 9.8 % is 3.8 % over expectations . DECELERATION . At a forward PE of 40 , you're pricing in 40X their current earnings to justify this current evaluation . Tech stocks are higher . They have more growth ... so when their growth slows , they get beat up for it , just like AMZN , GOOGL , TSM had INCREDIBLE earnings . Dropped . That's not good enough for NVDA . " There's nothing close to a miss in this report . " Goddamn ... ok , I have to stop responding to these 1st - year investors . There IS a miss in this report . NET REVENUE . Let me dumb it down for you . They were supposed to be shipping Blackwell in Q2 ( very limited ) en mass in Q3 and entire Data Centers were supposed to be built with them in Q4 . They were projected to have 80B of revenue over the next 2 Quarters . Now , they're guiding for 32.5 and if their % keeps up , that'll be lower margin and a \ ~ 33.5 M quarter and that's not going to be good ( they'll beat that , it's hypothetical ) . This was mediocre earnings for a company trading at a \ ~ 45 Forward PE and with their Growth . The Mag 7 stocks have had to not just beat , they've had to beat by a LOT or they dropped . This was especially true of NVDA . Long story short , you need to understand investing better than to look at analysts ' expectations ( Which are NOT traders ' expectations , they were 32-34 B ) and say , " Well , they beat top line , beat bottom line , sure , the actual money they made missed , but you can't call this a miss ! NVDA is going to flounder for the next 2 Quarters . Blackwell is going to be what drives them back up . That's 3 Quarters from now . Q4 NVDA SHOULD get back to REAL meaningful beats , but they're not they're likely a quarter away from that and that's why the Stock isn't headed for 145-160 as projected , that's why it'll likely trade 115-130 with a low in the 105 range this next Quarter .
I'm not talking about Nvidia . I'm addressing your point , which was that companies don't do buybacks if they expect weaker revenues . Of course they do . It's what has helped prop the US market up for decades . It's a key way of returning value to shareholders .
Even unprofitable companies buy productivity software , because it would be more expensive without it . Ditto for AI . By your logic , only companies getting spectacular results every quarter would be buying microsoft products . Using AI does not guarantee that a company will be competitive or profitable . Not using AI though will make it less competitive and less profitable .
Let ’ s get one thing straight first , my account is a LOT larger than yours ( feel free to DM me your portfolio and I ’ ll happily return the favor ) , as I ’ ve been successfully in tech and investing in it for the last 9 years . Secondly , to claim that the “ whisper ” numbers were required to be hit in order for the stock to climb , with it being 34B ( that ’ s legitimately not even true , look up what Stacy Rasgon has to say about this , it was 32B ) is idiotic . Finally , I don ’ t need to address any of your points because you fuck up immediately out of the gate by thinking their numbers point towards deceleration , when in fact it was literally just Blackwell ’ s delay by 1 quarter being attributed to these amazing numbers . You can ’ t comprehend the simplest , smallest , most obvious detail from the earnings report , it ’ s not even worth pointing out how wrong you are on the last three . To be stupid enough to listen to their earnings call and not understand the Blackwell situation in relation to numbers this and next quarter , is simply humiliating on your end . Let ’ s not forget 5 analysts upgraded them after hours yesterday , but sure , you ’ re the end all be all out there with it all figured out . Fucking poor ass clowns thinking they know everything in this sub . Edit : holy shit you called their earnings mediocre and didn ’ t even know their actual forward PE number ( it was 38 before the report , not 45 , and it ’ s much lower now ) , you can ’ t even do simple fucking reading LOL .
And I'm done addressing how fucking stupid this is . Companies with decreasing revenue are going to spend 50B to buy stock back to prop the stock price up ? Sure . I mean , AAPL did in it ' 21 ( And I don't even know what AAPL's situation was , I just know NVDA regularly does stock buybacks and they don't have shit to do with propping the stock up as they haven't needed to ) .
Apple ’ s M3 chip is a GPU and CPU in one . Do you see them dominating with a GPU , an iG5 processor by the end of the year ?
If it is , good for you . I got in in ' 20 for my first 1000 shares . Bought another 1500 this past fall ( You can do math , right ? 4-1 split +10-1 split ) ? So 55,000 in NVDA . A majority of my portfolio and I'd assume the way you talk and the way you're panicking about the drop , you were probably relying on yours for rent money . Oh and that " overly generous pension . " Cool . You're a moron . I don't give a shit who the YouTube has whispering . I also know for a fact the " whisper numbers , " were over 32B as my College roommate , good friend , Sr VP at MS douche bag . > However , that Q3 revenue forecast failed to meet some of the loftiest expectations for the third quarter , or the Wall Street " whisper number " that some analysts hoped the company would hit . Dan Morgan , an investor at Synovus , said the Wall Street whisper number was $ 33 billion to $ 34 billion . [ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-earnings-live-updates-chipmakers-162242256.html?fr=sycsrp\_catchall ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-earnings-live-updates-chipmakers-162242256.html?fr=sycsrp_catchall ) But sure , don't " address " any of my points because ; > because you fuck up immediately out of the gate by thinking their numbers point towards deceleration when in fact it was literally just Blackwell ’ s delay by 1 quarter being attributed to these amazing numbers . You can ’ t comprehend the simplest , smallest , most obvious detail from the earnings report , it ’ s not even worth pointing out how wrong you are on the last three . No ... you ignorant douche bag , it's not ONE QUARTER , it's been FIVE quarters of deceleration . Are you really this simple ? You think think they're going to keep up triple digit growth ? And I'M the one who " can't comprehend the simplest , smallest , most obvious detail ? " You're a special type of stoopid there boy .
Lol Warren Buffett over here , addressing us with his superior knowledge . Shut the fuck up my man . Come back when you know how capital allocation works .
Apple should do very well in edge AI , because they have a large , captive base of users for mobile and a lesser degree laptops . They're making a good case for edge AI play with features like context based searching and summarization of private data that shouldn't be uploaded to a cloud . Knowing apple , it won't be long before they start monetizing that in some capacity . Edge AI is a different market from datacenter models though . The two don't compete because they do different things . Apple will never be able to run a frontier model like chatgpt on a laptop , and frontier models aren't used for fetching local documents . I believe Nvidia is working on a CPU + GPU / NPU combination , but not holding my breath for that to be material .
Understand . April 30 , 2024 , NVIDIA ( NVDA ) had $ 31 billion in cash and cash equivalents . Apple Cash on Hand as of June 2024 : $ 162 Billion . With $ 50B buyback , wonder how much cash does NVDA have to keep producing new chips . I think Apple may just come out next year with a new processor for the AI Market . They can ’ t be working only on M1 , 2,3 , etc ..
Yesterday : " Hey guys I missed buying at 125 , is it too late to buy at 130 ? " Today : " Hey guys the price is 125 today , should I sell everything I have ? "
I swear to god I see these posts every dip haven ’ t yall learned
Time in the market , not timing the market . I wish I knew that 20 years ago . Hold great companies and chill .
Stop thinking about price , and start asking “ am I comfortable owning a portion of this company 1 , 2 , 5 , 20 years from now ” ?
looks like in a downtrend tho xD
Tge stonk is worth well over 160
I waiting for the dip in the low 100 range
Trying to average down to $ 100 a share . I ain ’ t gonna go nowhere ’ s
All because of this Dickhead https://stocks.apple.com/A3X70wUAOSei8tOKc9DL0qA
Ok AAron
This meme is a solid C +
* looks at intel *
Next week when earnings come out I expect it to launch to the moon .
I bought at $ 138 . patiently holding for the long haul
We needed this pull back for the next all time high pump . 🤗
That chart alone shows that nvda is a high beta stock with some serious dips from time to time . And that ’ s just a year ’ s worth
Relax ? I am anything but relaxed , how dare u
What happened to that " Bad day to be a bear " post ? That got taken down awful quick . Seems like today was a good day to be a bear , and hopefully it's a good day to be a bull for those who bought into the dip . Just keep BTFD .
It's all Nancy pelosi's fault . Market manipulation Bs . The last two days the stock wouldn't drop below 127.50 and then 128 . No matter what over and over had support , people kept putting in money etc ... thinking it was real . Then boom , the ground ripped out from beneath us , and now it's barely cracking 124 . / S
You need to update that chart is around $ 123ish 😅 😅
Expectations for the last 30 mins ? ? Further down or some improvement ?
Sooo - 50 % downside potential ?
Dontcha just hate it when it dips , but you set your buy order to buy the dip like 35 cents below the bottom ? Grrrr . At least I grabbed some AMD .
Yeah they told me relax in jail and it didn ’ t go as pretty
I watched it at $ 130 but still decided to hold smh
buy high , sell low !
$ 50 dollars for the girlfriend .
there needs to be a 101 video people have to watch before posting .
I'm so pissed I didn't buy during the dip , I just didn't want to dip into my savings to buy stock . I'm so tempted to buy some with my savings . Not much , I only need 14 more shares and I'll be at 100 shares ! ! It's not much , but it's what I had at the time .
Exactly bro .
It's worth what people are willing to pay for it . I have some shares I'd be happy to sell you for 160 right now . Deal ?
Godspeed Batman ! We are doing this together !
It ’ s never a good day to be a 🌈 🐻 , haven ’ t you seen the bull statue in NY ? ?
If you can't stomach a $ 4 swing , this may not be the stock for you . The ground ripped out ? ? ? Seriously ? ? ?
Down , I bet we see 130 again on Monday though
Oh I get it , funny cuz rape
160 not 130 is the number for debate to sell .
If you ’ re upset you didn ’ t do it then , but now presented the opportunity once more , why would you not just curiously ? In a way you ’ re kinda righting your wrong you did in the past .
That ’ s not remotely close to true , the whole concept of investing is to buy things whose intrinsic value will raise over time . Or in other words , buying assets we believe are worth more than they currently are . The thought experiment of someone not wanting to pay more than they have to for it , regardless of fair price , doesn ’ t make a point .
Well I hope the BULL is back for tomorrow , I bought some dip today and increased my bullish position .
Do you people not know what / s means ?
Frfr
It will need more than a 5 % jump to hit 130 …
Who's selling anytime soon ... This looks like an amazing 10 to 20 yr hold .
For NVDL yeah . NVDA though unsure . When it hits somewhere around there I'm selling my NVDL shares and dropping into NVDA for the long haul . Hate sideways decay .
I think I'm going to do it . I don't care what the price is even ... I just want to get to 100 shares as fast as possible . I can go back to dollar cost averaging afterwards . Hell , that has been " emergency funds " for almost a decade . I think I can spare a few thousand to bring it up to 100 shares . Thanks for the nudge in the right direction .
Hell yeah . I ’ m hoping a dip will occur before earnings down to 105-110 , I ’ d feel comfortable going all in at 105
Der ... I totally missed that ... this sub is soo full of that exact same childish sentiment .
Yup , and I bet we will see 140 before earnings
There is no sideways decay . Billionaires and the entire world is waiting to see if NVDA will rally the big 7 . It ’ s all about earnings . If NVDA crushes earnings they will pump very high as will all of the big 7 . It all depends on earnings day .
I think it would be fascinating to do a course on when you should 100 % use all of your funds when a price gets the absolute minimum allowed via mathematics . Like for instance for NVDA to drop to $ 40 almost seems impossible , I don ’ t think it ’ ll drop to lower than 90 imo . I would love to hear others thoughts . I myself am only about 40 shares deep at 110 average
lol all good
Nah …
I'm not denying earnings is going to make NVDL explode but it's not something to hold on to long term . At least in my novice opinion . I may need to research some more articles . Why do you think sideways trading will not affect nvdl long term ?
If it dropped that low I would sell my extra car and dump my savings into it , hell maybe even my precious metals . Just basically " here ya go NVDA , hold this for me for 10 years " .
Sit back and smoke some hopeium , bro .
* next attendee at Diddy ’ s party *
Good post . Not any analysis in it for the tag to be correct , but I agree with not putting your money in the market if you need the money tomorrow and I agree with holding stocks that make sense even when there's a crash .
Imagine if you panicked in 2008 and sold everything and now you're 79 and living in assisted living . I know ... oddly specific . Figure it out .
One of my Dad ’ s colleagues sold everything in his retirement accounts during the 2008 crash . His retirement is now completely screwed . OP ’ s comment is so true & very important to remember
I buy more when the market drops
Staying calm is one of the most difficult things to do during heavy losses . Buy insurance
Stay calm and do NOTHING ? It easy to say than to do , I just add shares with all my cash .
Excellent advice . When the media and analysts are screaming about bear markets , that's often times the bottom of a dip .
Again , an example of how dead people get better returns in the stock market
True . However , the panic selling is what allows people to move things around to take advantage of dips averaging down their cost basis and making even bigger gains . So my portfolio actually thanks all the panic sellers for allowing me this opportunity to profit on your loss .
These kind of post pisses me off every time . It just reminds me how stupid I was . I got nvda back when it was $ 10 and got high $ 31 and then low to $ 14 and I sold it at $ 14 before it hit $ 11 . Thought to myself oh yea I made the right choice . Forgot about it and didn't buy back in . Look at it now it's 10x . Still beating myself till this day . So I got back in at $ 80 and will hold till I die .
Buy more . Use this opportunity to reduce your dollar cost average , enjoy a welcomed discount and once the negative hype is over it will go back , and you will have more . This is hurting short termers , and it's a blessing to the long termers .
People don't realize inflation over 10 years takes a bigger hit on your money than a stock market crash .
Awh fuck why didn't you tell me this a week ago ? ?
It's really just a game with white collar carnies involved .
JP Morgan post today said retail sold 1B in equities while institutions bought 14B As expected panic selling to willing institutional buyers
Do nothing ? You buy the fucking dip !
Buy the dip ! !
Diamond hands
How's that gonna work everyone needs money quickly especially in turbulent times !
People were saying the same thing about doge , it never came back
good advice - i dont think the recent drop was as drastic as 2020 . not sure at this point if we'll see it go lower at this point , no crystal balls here , but definitely nice to DCA while we have some prices across the board we havent seen since the start of the year
I remember coming across some good advice awhile ago early in my investment learning period . Someone said " If you invest money , consider that money spent . Don't spend what you can't afford . " So yeah be prepared to lose it all if you spend it , but of course the goal is calculated investment decisions that will grow your wealth , not lose it all . To profit . But ... be prepared to ' bag hold ' for a long time if necessary if that stock tanks on you with your pants down .
Meh , selling when market sentiment turns sour is not a bad move . If you avoid a huge selloff and buy back in when things start to turn around , it can be extremely profitable . I've managed to do it a few times and it was the best decision I've ever made
Thanks for this . I sold my NVDA from my IRA at 125 but am a bit timid to buy back in .
What ?
I see ' panic selling ' being thrown around in this thread . The last few weeks have been rather orderly and from a macro level have not involved panic selling like what we experienced in 2007 . So far this has been a healthy re-trenchment . Equities were overpriced and are on sale right now , but keep in mind that this is not the clearance BLOW OUT SALE ( which may or may not even happen )
Not necessarily all of the time . It all depends on the investments . Back in the dot-com days , people should have been looking at the underlying assets and realized that three guys and a website and a P / E ratio of 400 don't make value . Today , there is much less of that issue . Specifically , NVDA is a fantastic stock trading at 60 - ish times TTM with incredible competitive advantages , huge FC assets , and very high barriers to entry . Stay the course on NVDA . OTOH , GOOGL flummoxes the hell out of me . Trading at 20x TTM with exceptional breadth and depth of assets . It screams BUY , but maybe it really isn't that good ?
“ No , well … ya gotta do more than that . ”
NVDA vs Tesla . I agree Tesla was over valued . NVDA is not .
Money missed , is ALWAYS better than money lost .
Yeah but what about a scenario where you have eg . a 800k mortgage loan and you just lost your job with like a 100k cash remaining . Money was already invested in equities market some time back .
Hindsight is always 20/20 .
This was my issue . I cashed out today as I will need the cash in the next couple of month . Gained 60 percent this year then lost 30 past month . Still up about 30 . Left what I gained in the NVDA .
“ Holding stocks that make sense ” is the key phrase there . If this was 2004 and you kept buying Intel ( the leader in CPU ’ s ) and “ averaging down ” every time it dropped . Then In 20 years would have lost money lol Intel might have “ made sense ” back in the day but you never know where the stock market will go .
My grandfather died in 2006 and made it clear he wanted his portfolio not to be sold . However ; he was the only one of the family that actually knew how the stockmarket worked . ( Except for me , right now 26 , but I was 9 when he passed away ) So it's 2007 and my family went to someone from the local bank seeking advice , my grandma had no idea how stocks worked so they ended up selling the whole thing . ( Also due to pressure caused by my dad ) When 2008 happened they felt really good about selling it all . BUT they never bought back afterwards ... My grandpa had single stocks but if they would have just bought the S & P500 for example it would have doubled 5 times since then . So fast forward to 2024 , I'm 26 now and taught myself investing . When I showed them this insight , they were not happy to say the least . My grandma passed away last may and they all inherited a part . But since my aunties have no kids it was written that parents could give grandchildren an amount which they choose . Could , because my parents got divorced in 2020 , and I'm not having any contact with my father whatsoever . So he's keeping everything for himself . Sorry had to write this off my chest .
Buying from 2008 to 2011 is the main reason I have the money I have . Buy and sell based on your assessment of a company , trying to time the market isn't worth it .
someone gets it
The best thing to do is to be busy with your life and so not even look at your portfolio in this period ..
Staying calm and using the opportunity to buy more is one of the most difficult things to do during heavy losses . Need to amend that statement .
its 100x it split 10:1 remember ? sorry
Depending on when it was 31 , you missed on on at least 100x , if not more depending on prior splits .
This is so true ! People tell me that I can lose money on the stock market . I try to explain that , with money in the bank , and inflation > interest , you at least get certainty - the certainty that you will definitely lose money . At least with the stock market , there is a chance that you'll gain ...
You should diversify
Always buy the DIP on quality companies : * Has a positive P / E * Has a product you use * Pays dividends * Has been around for at least a couple decades * There is massive demand for the products they make * Consistently has positive earnings qtr after qtr
If you are buying small cap companies with no P / E ... and no dividends ... then you are just rolling 🎲 🎲 like a regard . If you are chasing quality / established / profitable companies when the entire market is down ... THEN you are investing . * Don't do options * Don't do margin * Just own it and diamond hand it * Hold it longer than 366 days and preferably hold it for a decade to catch all the run ups and all the splits ... All those fun and new ATH's ! ! !
That falls under money you need quickly . Anybody can come up with a scenario like that which does nothing to change the original post being true .
Priority of finances should be ; Emergency Funds ( 6 + / - months of expenses saved in FDIC insured liquid account ) Retirement Savings Taxable Trading Accounts Luxury items , trips , hobbies , etc . If you need to immediately liquidate speculative / growth positions then your portfolio was fucked to begin with .
Gotta cash out even if it hurts man . Take profits constantly you never know . Nvidia might be good today but after that flaw they might be crap
Which leads into the next advice ... You suck at picking stocks , you should probably just stick to sp500 funds lolol But I don't think that advice will go over well here
I hear you . I told my dad to buy NVDA when the killed 3dfx and nflx when they killed blockbuster and nvda again when gpus were first being used for deep learning . But he was into pattern trading and never takes advice from anyone . “ I did it myyyyyyy wayyyy ! ! ! ”
This is true but this phone is making that so f ’ n difficult
While SMCI reports ? We ’ re only human
Nope I said what I mean . ✌ ️
Yea I'm using the current price so it's easier for people to understand
Yeah something no one can predict . When push comes to shove , they would need to liquidate in a bear market
Oh yeah and I told my dad to buy bitcoin in 2010
Tldr #BULLISH
Thanks for the lengthy analysis of the field from another perspective . Eye opener .
Bullet points please
Good analysis , thanks for the write up ! I don ’ t doubt the company ’ s success in the long term either , but it ’ s still a cyclical stock that goes through boom and bust . It ’ s still not clear to me whether AI can be monetized in the short term and any drop in demand of GPU ’ s will tank the stock . With all the hype around the stock even the best earnings will probably just lead to a flat price movement , but who knows how wall street will react . The upcoming ER will be a a huge gamble for sure . I ’ m tempted to buy puts or sell covered calls , but might just sit out and hold shares .
You've said you don't think the " antitrust stuff " matters but anti-trust considerations preventing them from buying ARM and now both the EU and US are investigating NVIDIA for potentially illegal practices . Maybe nothing happens , maybe there's a fine , maybe there is litigation , any number of outcomes so I wouldn't so blithely dismiss this . Moving on , it seems your entire argument hinges on this paragraph ; it could use some clarification : > Nvidia is the strongest in the space , it's the most differentiated , best managed , best supply chain , best vendors , and best sales channels . What they have is years ahead of anyone else with nothing in immediate sight ( next 2 years at the very least ) changing . They are also recognizing the value of creating an ecosystem and tightly integrated full compliment of hardware < > software for an unbeatable proposition . Define strongest . How are they the ' most differentiated ' ? Best supply chain , by what metric ? Best vendors and sales channels ? How so ? What is preventing others from improving or overtaking in these areas ? The value of creating a tightly coupled ecosystem . That's also a major weakness . Clearly many businesses , including NVIDIA's own major customers do not like being locked into a proprietary ecosystem which is why they are designing and building their own hardware and placing orders with NVIDIA's competitors . Do you not think this is a risk ?
The annual free cash flow of Amazon , Microsoft , Google and Meta ( i . e . Nvidia's largest customers ) is about $ 225B total . And you expect Nvidia's annual revenues to be $ 200B ? At a share price of $ 164 , this will make Nvidia's Price / Sales = 20 And the stock is undervalued ?
I do believe the price in 2 years would be that or even more for Nvidia . But the volatility part will be insane . I ’ ll buy the dip in the future
Great analysis !
I am a fan of Nvidia , in the short term . I have more % of my net worth invested in it than I would ever have imagined putting into one company . But I don ’ t extrapolate very far into the future due to the unknowns . Nvidia ’ s margins are spectacular . And their market share of high-end GPUs is also . IF , and I don ’ t see it in the short term , a viable alternative hits the market , and market share erodes a little , then pricing is pressured and margins drop . Nvidia will probably be able to compete easily , but they could lose their current stellar position . I remember what Juniper did to Cisco ( not exactly comparable here , but the effect was too severe to forget ) . Luckily I have no interest in making predictions , and I ’ m old enough I may never see Nvidia lose its crown . But part of the effect of such rapid technological advancement is that we can ’ t see what the world will look like in 2-4 years .
DIESELCOCK ! ! !
This was spectacular . Thank you .
> I really don't care for PEs And that is exactly why none of the other stuffs you say matter . Contrary to your self-proclaimed expertise , you don't seem to have any financial knowledge at all . You wrote a long essay essentially saying " AI is cool , it's definitely the future , and so NVidia will moon " . Even assuming that is 100 % true ( and I've heard this very recently with Web 3 and government-mandated EVs ) , I don't see any reason to take on Concentration Risk on a single stock . If AI is the future , the AI companies like Meta and Google will do very well . The web services companies like Amazon and Microsoft will do very well ( these requests need to go somewhere ) . The companies selling you phones and computers to access AI will do very well . The banks with AI to reduce lending risks will do very well . The companies building productivity tools will do very well ( Salesforce , Adobe ) . In other words , if you truly believe " AI " is what you claim it will be , a broad index fund will still capture a large amount of gains , without the Concentration Risk . If the picture you're painting turns out to be true , somebody invested in QQQ or S & P 500 will continue to see > 15 % CAGR for the next decade , which is plenty enough to make most investors happy . This isn't even true for previous hypes . If EVs turned out to be the future , only the EV companies will reap the benefits , not the rest of the market . If Web 3 was to replace Web 2 , then owning Meta stocks wouldn't have done you much good . And there is always Concentration Risk , no matter how good the company . Production might not scale after a certain point . Look at how everyone is begging for new planes and Airbus can't take advantage because they can't build planes fast enough . Look at how NVidia themselves couldn't fill shelves for months during the Bitcoin mining hype . Or large companies may decide to build their own vertically integrated stacks . Sure , hardware performance may not match NVidia's . But anyone who's used an iPhone knows the power of vertically integrated products , meaning the end result can vastly outperform even superior hardware . Or all of NVidia's employees could lose motivation to improve after becoming millionaires . Or Jensen could be in a car accident or be discovered to be best friends with Jeff Epstein . Or China can invade Taiwan . Point is , you never know when you put all your eggs in one basket . Let me reiterate , I'm not trying to argue with you whether " AI is the future " or whether " NVidia will moon because AI is the future " . I'm just saying that even if everything you say is true , the average investor will probably do better with an ETF . The gains of AI aren't exclusive to NVidia . Sure , if you want to play around with ER and make a quick buck , especially with options , then be my guest . But you're writing this with an emphasis on long-term investing , and nothing you say justifies taking extra risk .
1 . * * Overly Optimistic Revenue Projections * * : The estimated $ 200 billion revenue for CY2025 might be far too aggressive , exceeding even the most bullish Wall Street forecasts , which could lead to an inflated stock price . 2 . * * High Market Dependency on AI Hype * * : Nvidia ’ s valuation is heavily driven by the current AI hype . If AI adoption slows or fails to meet lofty expectations , Nvidia ’ s stock could face significant downward pressure . 3 . * * Dismissal of Traditional Valuation Metrics * * : The author ’ s rejection of P / E ratios and other conventional valuation metrics could be risky . Ignoring these can lead to overestimating Nvidia ’ s true value and missing signs of overvaluation . 4 . * * Underestimated Competitive Risks * * : The analysis downplays potential competition from other tech giants and new market entrants . If competitors catch up , Nvidia ’ s market share and growth prospects could be severely impacted . 5 . * * Geopolitical Risks Not Fully Accounted For * * : The analysis underestimates the geopolitical risks associated with China and Taiwan . Any escalation could disrupt Nvidia ’ s supply chain and hurt its financial performance , challenging its current valuation . 6 . * * Dependence on Speculative AI Progress * * : The assumption that AI will continue to advance rapidly without any major setbacks is speculative . If AI development slows or hits technological barriers , Nvidia ’ s valuation could be significantly overstated . 7 . * * Market Cap Assumptions Are Unrealistic * * : The idea that Nvidia could reach a market cap of $ 3-5 trillion might be unrealistic , especially considering historical trends and the potential for market saturation . 8 . * * Volatility Ignored in Price Target * * : While acknowledging volatility , the $ 164 price target might not fully account for potential sharp corrections , making the valuation appear more stable than it actually is . 9 . * * Overreliance on AI Applications * * : The broad applications of AI listed do not guarantee that Nvidia will capture the majority of this value , particularly with growing competition in AI hardware and software . 10 . * * High Valuation Reflects Speculative Future Earnings * * : Nvidia ’ s current valuation might be pricing in future earnings that are far from certain . If those earnings don ’ t materialize as expected , the stock could be significantly overvalued . # # # Concerns About the Author ’ s Credibility 1 . * * Anonymous Credentials * * : The author claims extensive experience in the tech industry but provides no verifiable details , which raises doubts about their expertise and the reliability of their analysis . 2 . * * Lack of Transparency * * : The absence of specific information about the author ’ s background or current role makes it difficult to assess the validity of their insights , casting doubt on their predictions . 3 . * * Potential Bias Against Wall Street * * : The author ’ s strong critique of Wall Street analysts might suggest a personal bias , which could skew their analysis and lead to an overvaluation of Nvidia . 4 . * * Unverifiable Claims * * : The author ’ s experience and insights , while impressive on paper , lack any verifiable references or proof , which could mean the analysis is more speculative than informed . 5 . * * Dismissal of Established Metrics Without Justification * * : The outright rejection of traditional valuation metrics like P / E ratios , without solid reasoning , could indicate a lack of thorough analysis or understanding of broader market dynamics . 6 . * * Possible Overconfidence in AI ’ s Future * * : The author ’ s confidence in the rapid and uninterrupted advancement of AI technology may be overly optimistic , ignoring potential setbacks that could undermine Nvidia ’ s future growth .
TLDR : Your guess is as good as anyone else ’ s .
What about cyber hackers using Ai as well , competing against security ?
It ’ s not undervalued . It went from pennies to $ 1300 in one year . Be humble .
Ok now how about 60 months ? Haha . Incredible analysis by the way . Thank you for the effort .
If you get to 200b revenue in 25 , it means end of 2025 the forward revenue would be 250 , earnings appx 150 + , with 20 % growth , which is conservative . With forward earnings of 150 and a forward pe of 35 , you get 5250 market cap . Stock price of minimum 200 .
im wondering what you think about alternative chips like tpus , amazon trainium , microsofts supercomputers , tenstorrent , cerebras - what happens when these are competitive at a price per performance level ? also , what happens when they eventually figure out no strings attached cuda interoperability ? ( altho prob easier said than done )
I have 3350 shares of NVDA in my IRA and individual account , 40 % of my portfolio . At 50 year old , it is very risky and I plan to sell about 1000 shares in my IRA after this earning report and hopefully it will exceed $ 140 .
This post was long
Just put the fries in the bag … .
This is an exhausting way to say you think the never before seen revenue expansion that you saw last year will continue at a break neck speed for 5 more years without any slow downs , competition reducing margins , or hiccups in delivery . What could go wrong . Its priced already for 5 yrs of continuation . If it falters in showing continuation , it will tank . Thats the problem with a 3.1 trillion dollar starting point
Papi the problem is this is paper view , it can double in valuation by end of the year but at some point someone will need to come forth with measurable results derived from AI . It ’ s good that there are use cases but so far nothing measured , that ’ s why the high IV still .
besides all that . why would the 2025 price be below it's historical Forward PE ? If they make 200B in fiscal 2025 , why would their share price not be much higher ?
This Akin to “ eat whole foods and exercise and you probably won ’ t die young ”
Now that you posted this … . nvda will crash into oblivion cuz life
Impressive . What about competition emerging in the next 12 months and chance of an economic bubble pop . Lebron James alone can ’ t win the game , can he ?
I agree with you that Nvidia is undervalued assuming peaceful , stable world . I think a lot of people want some insurance against that assumption though that's why they are discounting growth companies . Warren Buffet sold TSMC because Taiwan situation for example . There are also possible recessions or trade wars which are going to impact growth stocks the most . Anyway , thank you for your post . Nvidia is my biggest position for some time now and I am not selling . I am just not as comfortable as you seem to be :)
I might not be educated like u but $ 165 in 12 months is crazy , u mean the average or just borderline reaching 165 and then dumping ?
I also work in tech . I bought $ 150k NVDA with an average cost of $ 22 . I already sold 75 % of my positions at $ 125 , holding 25 % and see what happens during ER . My feeling is it will go down for a few reasons : 1 . Data centers , once built , can be used for several years without needing to buy new GPU ’ s . It ’ s different from Google ’ s ads business which marketers need to keep spending money 2 . Big tech already spent huge amounts of money on GPU but the resulted profit from AI are not clear at best . They will not keep spending like this until reward justifies further spending 3 . LLM is super expensive , small players are unlikely to have the resources to build and train their own big models , they may just license from the big players like Google , OpenAI etc . this will not help the demand on GPU My prediction with the ER is , revenue will be a blowout again , but guidance will not support the crazy high appetite . The thing with NVDA is everything must be perfect , otherwise investors will run for the door . I might be wrong so I keep 25 % positions just in case . But I don ’ t feel optimistic for sure .
Okay serious question . If you are off whether more or less , how much are you willing to flex . Like $ 168 or could you be off by $ 30 or more dollars either way ?
This is just gibberish / elongated " trust me bro " There's no stats , no trends , no facts in any of this analysis , you say you done a analysis but you don't share the model you used , what factors you accounted for etc . e . g . " CF model for the company using my growth assumptions based on my experience in the industry " This is just trust me bro .
Directionally I think you ’ re right . However they could still miss revenues this time due to supply chain or buyers pausing for their own hardware efforts etc . How likely is a miss ?
High quality post . Thank you !
Excellent read .
The most expensive stock on the global market is undervalued you say ... Where should it belong then ?
This isn ’ t dieselcock , who cares
To raise the stock price to $ 164 , and given the current share outstanding , NVDA needs a flow of around 850 billion dollars . Considering the amount already invested by many , which new buyers will pour this amount ?
Where is ChatGPT 5 ?
Overvalued .
I'm not reading all that and I think it's overvalued ...
Forgive me for the stupid question . But if the annual revenue was 11 billion , why is the company valued in the trillions ? In comparison Apple reported an annual revenue of almost 400B I have a small chuck of NVDA but I ’ m a very uneducated investor I just hoped on the bandwagon early and see stonk go brrrr
Not reading all dat , Nvidia to the 🌕
Word . I fucks with NVDA . Do one for CLOV .
Thank you very much . I thought he was short on nvidia
Thank you !
ChatGPT : Here are the 10 main bullet points from the Reddit post : 1 . The author predicts Nvidia ’ s stock could reach $ 164 in the next 12 months , despite potential volatility . 2 . They estimate Nvidia ’ s revenue could hit $ 200 billion by 2025 , surpassing Wall Street projections . 3 . The author has extensive experience in tech and machine learning , lending credibility to their analysis . 4 . They dismiss traditional valuation metrics like P / E ratios as unreliable . 5 . Nvidia ’ s value is seen as rooted in AI-driven productivity , operational efficiency , and innovation . 6 . The estimate was derived using a DCF model , AI market spend analysis , and global GDP comparisons . 7 . Nvidia is seen as the market leader in AI with a robust ecosystem of hardware and software . 8 . The author views Nvidia ’ s risk as aligned with general market risks , not company-specific issues . 9 . They predict the company will continue to innovate rapidly , driven by AI advancements . 10 . The author believes AI ’ s potential is vast , with Nvidia well-positioned to capitalize on this growth .
Thanks for your input . Agree with all your points as well . The stock does and will regularly exhibit a 40 % + annual volatility there is no doubt
My entire argument doesn ’ t hinge on that no , my argument assumes status quo market share for the next 2 years but adjusts the AI chip market total size up top
Those are the top customers , but why are you assuming that their buying power for R & D is limited to cash flow ? None of these companies finance such investments with cash Moreover more customers will be buying including sovereign nations And that ’ s Nvidia revenue Jan 2026 so you ’ re also comparing across two different times I also said at current price it ’ s undervalued not at 164
All 4 of these companies have developed their own AI chips more targeted to their needs than a more general purpose GPU . Trainium . TPU . Maia and MITA . They see how much the mark up is and they don ’ t need a general purpose gpu . They don ’ t want to wait on anyone else . They still want them on AWS and Google cloud and azure for third parties . The big question is whether OpemAI moves to Maia .
Thank you !
The Cisco and Juniper comparison was interesting actually . I worked in one of those way back it was my first job . When the hardware became commoditized it was interesting to see how each company tried to differentiate . Cisco did a few “ playbook ” moves in this space like focusing on after sales and the total cost of ownership narrative , and they also moved more to sell the “ network as a platform ” meaning better operation through their IOS software . I ’ m sure you ’ ll see the parallels to Nvidia in that sense but from what I can tell they ’ re doing the right things , more importantly , at the right time and not waiting till it ’ s too late
Thank you so much Also still stand by everything even after earnings :) and holding positions
I agree with everything you said There is always concentration risk and that ’ s something every individual has to manage The indexes are great and will capture the upside proportionally I also absolutely don ’ t suggest playing earnings and I made that clear in the post . Neither do I suggest people buy options on this . All my post is a target price on the stock within the next 12 months and my rationale As far as the P / E let ’ s not have that debate because it sounds you ’ re set in what it means for you . All I ’ ll say is you ’ re welcome to question my knowledge however I guarantee you a lot of professionals in hedge funds doing this 24/7 will also share my view , not all but a lot . It ’ s not really a question of knowledge as much as outlook , everyone knows what P / E is and reading financial statements and different performance ratios , those are all considered table stakes really .
why the fuck is your response so long when all you had to say was " fundamentals and price multiples matter " are you people getting paid by the word ? JFC .
It ’ s a vector for sure one of the examples I gave falls into that
Perhaps preach what you say or at least not misrepresenting the narrative . It wasn ’ t a a year and you conveniently left out what happened to earnings and forward estimates
Thank you . That would be such a wide range hard to give a useful estimate but above 200 for sure
this is the part I don't get . he wants to use DCF and doesn't take into account the historical FPE for NVDA . All of a sudden , they should be valued less ? 20-30 % annual growth is still a lot of fucking growth at this scale .
It ’ s a possibility . I think for the next 2 years it ’ s low risk based on the information available , but it could happen . The current options are good but behind in relative performance and total cost of ownership . Funny enough people like to compare this company to Cisco ran that it ’ s crashing , while they share similarities they are extremely different companies but back in Cisco heyday there was this notion that “ no manager got fired for buying Cisco ” and I think there might be a bit of that tailwind here too even if small
All the best
Multiples are elastic and I accounted for possibilities of contracting from where things are today to be conservative
i'm sure it'll dump once it reaches that price but it'll go back up to it
1 . CPU data centers have been built for decades and when did CSP totally reduce CapEx to zero in the past 20 years ? 2 . They will keep spending until they no longer fear disruption because of AI for their business . This is a much higher driver than any ROI in new opportunities . No one wants to be the next IBM , Intel and so on . 3 . The real AI demand isn't even here yet . How much money do you think Fortune 500 companies have ? Now think of the AI compute if every single one of them would like to have their company and domain specific LLM . You're looking at like 500 + ChatGPTs needed to be trained and maintained at some point . The AI spend so far is a joke compared to that . Just to give you an idea , Nvidia has signed a contract in 2023 with Indian company : [ https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/news/reliance-and-nvidia-partner-to-advance-ai-in-india-for-india ] ( https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/news/reliance-and-nvidia-partner-to-advance-ai-in-india-for-india ) Many have forgotten about this news but the key fact is 2000 MW of installed data centers . Blackwell GB200 consumes 1 kW per GPU . So the number is up to 2 million GPUs , probably more like 1.5 million but priced at $ 40k you have a $ 60 billion contract for Nvidia with one company from last year . This is just one contract . Last year Nvidia has delivered about 3.5- 4 millions GPUs to the whole world . Now I leave the math up to you how long Nvidia will remain supply constrained if just one contract means half supply of 1 year .
That was a stellar entry well done . I think your arguments are all valid I wouldn ’ t try to refute them . I just think there is a lot of tailwinds including the notion that a race is on and all the giants want to get the pie first , this in my opinion can ’ t be underestimated . There is just a lot at stake commercially , socially and politically . On earnings I think blowout revenue and relatively weak guidance is possible which is why I would avoid playing the earnings .
My old estimate was 168 funny enough . As I mention the annual volatility of the stock is in the 40 % So it can definitely vary by 30 dollars up and down as it ’ s trading but I expect it to settled around 164 average 12 months from now
You got this wrong , I ’ m doing you a favor sharing this . Ignore it and move on if it ’ s gibberish to you . In fact I ’ d suggest you do your own work and come to your own conclusions . If you really wanted the model or even knew how to read it you would have approached this comment very differently so go play your game elsewhere .
I think they ’ ll blow revenue out the water I ’ m more worried about a weaker guidance for the next quarter or two which is possible
Thank you hope it helped !
Thank you
it's on the top of the post , the second line .
He posts some great stuff I ’ m a fan of
Same
what the hell
Great question . But are you asking me to name buyers specifically or how is that much money gonna flow into it ?
hi , where did you get 11 billion revenue from ?
I found this funnier that it should be ! :) ) )
And follow up for shits and giggles , ChatGPT 4o agrees with OP … Me : Based on the author ’ s post , if you had to make an educated guess , would you agree or disagree with the author ? You have to make a decision ! ChatGPT : I would cautiously agree with the author ’ s assessment , primarily because of their detailed analysis , which considers Nvidia ’ s leadership in AI and its potential for significant revenue growth . However , the optimistic revenue projections and dismissal of traditional valuation metrics could introduce higher risks . While the author ’ s confidence in Nvidia ’ s innovation and AI-driven future is compelling , it ’ s essential to be mindful of broader market uncertainties and whether AI adoption will accelerate as predicted . Thus , I would lean towards agreement but with some reservations .
A classic example in support of AI's continous growth 😁 . Yeah ! It's here to stay and so is Nvidia !
At 200b revenue ( a long shot ) they ’ d still have a 15 price / sales . Historically an unsustainable level last seen in the dotcom era
The Author has made no mention of competition and their impact on NVDA . Competition that is cash rich instead of Stock rich .
Well you seem to have put a lot of thought into it . Well done .
> None of these companies finance such investments with cash Where do you think companies get cash for capital expenditures from ? Are they going to rack up debt on their balance sheets ? Maybe you should do some more research , a healthy growth strategy involves using cash flows to fund growth and demonstrate Operational Efficiency . On the topic of Sovereign Nations , you can check that the U . S . DoE ’ s FY 2025 budget includes $ 1.9 billion for advancing critical and emerging technologies , including AI and machine learning - https://www.energy.gov/sites/default/files/2024-03/doe-fy-2025-budget-in-brief-v2.pdf This is the USA the richest country on earth spending a total of less than $ 2B on AI ( not just on chips ) . Yes it's across different times , but even if the other companies ' operations are growing by 10 % , you're arguing that they're using up a huge chunk of their profits purely for Nvidia chips , and that is even before taking the chips ' lifetime energy and maintenance costs into account .
Jensen Huang talked about the development of an AI software factory in his keynote this year . He didn ’ t really get into the details but hints strongly at AI modules that can address use cases which are processes not procedures . Companies across the globe have similar processes but may have different methods of implementing them . The processes are non implementation specific and are the core by which implementation specifics are created . Building the use cases AI generated will be the fundamental platforms that companies will buy and implementation specifics can also be AI generated by Nvidia based on these modules . Should be a massive source of revenue for Nvidia . IMHO . Just extrapolating my technology experience of the past 40 years and envisioning where Jensen is headed .
You're talking to somebody who worked for 10 years in one of the top 5 hedgefunds / prop trading firms in America . Shows you have absolutely zero knowledge on the matter at all . One , most hedgefunds / trading firm underperform the market over an extended period . I can count you all of the funds known to beat the market on a consistent basis on 2 hands . And if you really are in this world , as you certainly are not , you know that " hedge " funds don't really perform these kinds of analysis . They don't bet on or against the market . They try to find edges and inefficiencies in the market to cover their bets . Hedgefunds are not completely detached from the market , if a bear market hits and nobody is trading and storing their money in HYSAs or bonds , then they don't make money . But in a healthy market , they can't give less shit how the wind is blowing . It's likely you don't know what the industry does and just uses the word because everyone uses it on Reddit . The kind of analysis you are purportedly performing here are done by " investment " firms , " wealth management " firms , or " asset management " firms . Or just any traditional firms in the finance industry . FWIW I do not think PE ever paint the whole picture . Historical data shows that investing in Value outperforms investing in Growth over an investment lifetime . Some young and rebellious investors like you say this time it's not like the other times . Fine . Can be true , certainly has been true since 2011 . But even what counts as Value and what counts as Growth goes beyond just PE and involves a lot of debate from firm to firm . But discounting PE entirely is , to put it in the internet lingo , regarded . It's like being in a car , where you realize this car has a top speed to weight ratio much much higher than even the faster cars ever built in the past , and then you decide not to look into that at all and just trusting your " other analysis " .
Because this sub is not a serious finance or investing sub ? I don't mind a sub like this if it's geared towards experienced traders making risky bets ( aka WSB ) . But more than half the posts on here preach investing long-term in Nvidia without any financial fluency at all . So there is a need to explain to people how they are being misguided by the echo chamber .
Ohhh for sure , but I don't think it'll take 12 months to reach 165
> CPU data centers have been built for decades and when did CSP totally reduce CapEx to zero in the past 20 years ? It didn't , but Cisco's revenue cratered in 2001 and only recovered in 2007 . Quarter century later it's 2.5 x higher , which means nearly zero actual growth after adjusting for inflation . Intel's revenue was 33.7 B in 2000 and $ 54.2 B in 2023 , up 60 % while cumulative inflation for the same period is 82.7 % , so it's actually down in real terms . > The real AI demand isn't even here yet . You could tell the same about networking at the dotcom boom era . Internet usage has exploded , but the demand for networking equipment didn't . How do you know that Nvidia isn't in the same position as Cisco in 2000 ? > Just to give you an idea , Nvidia has signed a contract in 2023 with Indian company : > 60 billion contract for Nvidia with one company from last year . While Reliance Industries is by no means a small company , it's highly unlikely that the deal is anywhere close to $ 60B . Their revenue is around $ 120b / year , but the overwhelming majority of that comes from pumping oil and gas , their digital services division only generates $ 6.8 B / year in income , and most of that comes from being the India's largest telecom company rather than selling cloud computing or AI services , so , unless they're betting a decade worth of their income on competing against Amazon , Microsoft and Google , and growing their AI cloud from scratch , they aren't going to purchase $ 60B worth of GPUs . > You're looking at like 500 + ChatGPTs needed to be trained and maintained at some point . The AI spend so far is a joke compared to that . ChatGPT's training from scratch only cost OpenAI $ 100M . Fine tuning an LLM for a domain is orders of magnitude cheaper , and even if every S & P 500 company did train a whole new ChatGPT for them , it would only mean $ 50B in expenses or about five months ' worth of Nvidia's revenue at the moment . Running an LLM still requires resources , but with the latest quantization methods and NPUs you can do that with an inexpensive server or even locally , and not on a $ 40k accelerator , so after the initial burst the spending would quickly dry up .
I dig it . I messaged someone after the split and said I think $ 97 would be the lowest and I wasn ’ t too far off . I am riding with you on it and $ 164 would be mint for me . Sitting on a decent amount of just shares . Only dabble with little stocks In options .
No , you posted hoping to influence others into buying nvda share , and you're angry now because i called you out on this BS " analysis " , which has no analysis .
Thanks so much for your post . I ’ m currently retired but was in the technology field for 40 + years from programming to enterprise architecture . I came upon Nvidia in a small article late 2018 , did my research on the company for 3 months , and was intrigued by its 4 areas of business - gaming , data centers , autonomous vehicles , and chips of course . Started investing in Nvidia in 2019 at $ 30 / share and kept investing until now I have thousands of shares . I saw back then its unlimited potential and still see that now . Great write up . Thanks again for the detailed analysis .
Lmao 2nd line of the post was missed . Mr / s Pimpcannon is visiting us from WSB . Honored !
Ig ppl on Reddit don ’ t understand sarcasm , granted how would you be about to tell ..
Not specific buyers but more where the money could come from .
Just a quick google search said the last revenue report was 11B
Haha that ’ s cool thank you for sharing . I also agree with the reservations from chatGPT
😂 😂 😂 We don't need humans for debates any longer ! ! !
Now do price / earnings at that revenue number , profit is what matters and you ’ re ignorant to think otherwise
Thank you . Ultimately doesn ’ t matter what I think the price is the true arbiter .
You could think it ’ s not the case but it is how it is I don ’ t know what to tell you . You can look at their income and cash flow statements to see that this is the case as well you don ’ t need to take my word for it . When they can generate more on their cash than their cost of capital yes they ’ ll use other financing methods . Also read the Nvidia reports where they state how they ’ re giving GPUs for promising AI startups in exchange for equity or revenue sharing . Saying the market size is limited by the cash flow of their customers is like saying the economy transactions are limited to printed paper and deposits
That ’ s really insightful and I absolutely agree with you . The approach they ’ re are taking I ’ m betting is the most likely to be the winning one . I think they ’ re doing to AI what containerization did to logistics
No offense but I ’ m certain you ’ re not who you claim to be and it ’ s really obvious . Anyways follow your conviction and make your own calls there is a ton of content here with all different point of views that ’ s the goal
Source : trust me bro
Let ’ s hope it does ! Good call on 97
Nope , you ’ re angry because I called you out that you didn ’ t approach this in good faith at all and you came to flex and I ’ m not having it . You came attacking off the bat and disrespectful so I have no interest in even acknowledging your point that ’ s all . And I ’ ve said exactly why I shared this in the original post , which is to build a track record and accountability and make my predictions public . I could care less if you put money into it or not because I assure you it ’ s not you who is gonna be moving the stock .
Btw , I don ’ t ever listen to the noise coming from the so called investment analysts .
That ’ s really neat . The people I know who got into it at the right timing share similar stories to yours ; in the space , aware and can see the possibility being worth the risk . Definitely no Wall Street analyst was talking about it , they ’ re always behind the curve , perhaps even by design . Thanks for your input
I have some insight into VC investments as I help a couple . While VC doesn ’ t invest in public companies their capital allocation is an “ ok ” signal on possible public market liquidity looking to get allocated . I don ’ t think this would be a barrier as long as the returns are there ( company earnings growth ) the capital will flow especially with the expected interest rate cuts ( September is just the beginning there will be several more cuts after )
2023 revenue was ~ 62b
Ok , its worse , around 65 ttm . Did you think the price / earnings was by some miracle going to be better than price to sales ? They are both stating that the company has to continue this exact pace for 5 years to make sense on valuation . If I were a betting man , Id bet something happens over the course of a long 5 years to make that not happen ; atleast its far more likely that way that the alternative Compare revenue and earnings to the companys around nvda , msft / aapl / meta / goog etc … one of these things will not be like the others . Will it become like those others over 5 years ? Sure maybe but its already priced ( second biggest compny in the world ) as if it is . Hence , upside is shit , and you are buying a top most likely
> Also read the Nvidia reports where they state how they ’ re giving GPUs for promising AI startups in exchange for equity or revenue sharing . Yup this is probably happening , but this is not a major source of revenue for Nvidia ? Or maybe even any revenue ? These are essentially a speculative investment on Nvidia's part . Hard to imagine this is what will take the revenues to $ 200B . Anyway we already know that the bulk of Nvidia's revenues come from a handful of major customers i . e . the hyperscalers . > Saying the market size is limited by the cash flow of their customers is like saying the economy transactions are limited to printed paper and deposits Not " printed paper and deposits " , the cash flows are also not paper cash . But replace that with " fiat money " and your statement has more merit . Now , what remains is credit / debt . For complicated reasons , the economy runs on lots of debt . Nvidia and their customers are extremely profitable , but yeah in order to keep revenues increasing beyond a certain point , someone will have to take on debt . And if that happens , the valuation comes into question from a different perspective . However , if there is massive ROI in AI , this could change things . I think this is what a lot of people are betting on . But , there is limited evidence of it so far . Here's another very important thing to mention - Chip spend is for the building out of infrastructure . The spend grew rapidly due to the ramp up in AI efforts . But the chip spend doesn't need to accelerate forever . Even if the annual chip sales stall at $ 100B / year , AI capacity will still be increasing as more chips get deployed . At some point , even if there are no new chips sold , AI efforts can still continue as the capacity will already be in place . Not saying that this will happen , but there isn't as much upward pressure on chip sales as people are expecting .
Exactly . The analysts have no idea .
I think anyone following the thread here will be quite certain who the fake is . Let me give you a final 101 lesson dingo . A " hedge " fund is so called in the industry because they don't move with the market . While a " hedge " in a trading strategy means making certain moves to reduce risks , a " hedge " fund is traditionally used by wealthy client to insure against the market . The two meanings have some overlaps but not entirely . People have been trying to find a hedge against the market for as long as markets exist , and there has been no perfect answer . Real estate , bonds , international investments , cash ( inflation-reduced ) , gold , and yes hedgefunds all work under certain conditions and not work under others . But then by definition any firm whose performance is based on long-term market movement is , surprise , not a hedgefund . Go back to acting like a genius to your girlfriend when the Robinhood app is Green and staying silent when the Robinhood app is Red . No offense to the average investor . I love them and want them to do well . But that's also all that you are .
Dude your not not clever enough to play this game . " No , you posted hoping to influence others into buying nvda share , and you're angry now because i called you out on this BS " analysis " , which has no analysis . "
I see , thank you for your answer .
Translation : " there is a potential for them to gain more clients if venture capitalists fund new businesses that are yet to get off the ground because of the high overnight bank trading rate " . That seems like a lot needs to happen for Nvidia to make a buck . I know you mean well , I do . However they will hit a ceiling and their clients didn't get to where they are by putting all their eggs in one basket . Meta isn't sitting around like " I think it's totally fine to rely on one company and not open up a potential revenue stream for ourselves " . They are way overvalued and should be trading no more than $ 95 right now .
At 200b in revenue it ’ s not 65 lmao
Old man spreading hate . " Get out of my lawn ! "
I swear this is the best thing I have ever read on Reddit .
It ’ s ok you don ’ t sound clever at all frankly . Nor humble . I know your type hiding behind layers and false bravado . You picked the wrong guy find somewhere else to throw a fit .
I respect your point of view Meta is definitely not sitting around not are other companies , want to and could are different things and for the next 2 years I don ’ t think they could
And you know they can ramp up to that production level without any issues with scaling ? Power costs ? Capital costs ? I mean building new big ass factories at historically high loan environments isnt a free proposition . So you want to talk about some magic number 12 months from now and that they will maintain margins linearly ? Lol ok kid , good luck with that . Ps even if they magically achieve 50 % margins , at 100b in earnings theyd still have future year PE of 30 which remains quite rich considering that growth is 1 ) unlikely in the first place 2 ) unlikely to be sustainable — - - and thats at the current price .
My message is always of love . If you truly believe in the future of NVidia as an " AI " company , QQQM will do you just fine . Unlike OP and many posts on this sub , that advice is based on years of investment research . I have no issue with traders and speculators . If you want to speculate on how the stock will do on Aug 30 , or Sep 30 , or Jan 31 , be my guest and buy some options and do whatever it is you need to do . But too many posts on this sub makes the point of " I'm not speculating , I'm holding long term " . And it's pretty clear to me that for a stock like NVidia , if you are going to hold long term , you can get arguably just as good a return with significantly fewer risks by just QQQM or S & P 500 .
pathetic . Post a crappy analyst , that doesn't have any analyst , and now you want to big yourself up as some kind of hero . pathetic . let me guess , your reply will be along the lines of " no , your pathetic " right ?
That is very true
Fundamentally I agree with you , OP has a lot of claims with little sustain , specially on the " credentials " side , but then again , so do you my friend .
Fair enough , the good news is none of my " credentials " matter . Buying an index fund to reduce risk doesn't require any specialized financial knowledge . It doesn't require performing anything magical like predicting to the dollar value the price of a stock at a certain point in time . So believe me or not believe me , just listen to what I am saying and see if my advice requires you to make significantly fewer leaps of faith than the alternative .
[ removed ]
Calm down it dipped from near 140 and we arent even past 125 yet
Didn't have any dry powder to buy more during the last dip 90-105 . Holding for the next few years . No rush .
It ’ ll never stop . Hooddlll
For all you newbies , a stock doesn ’ t always recover in two weeks like NVDA . The saying “ stairs up , elevator down ” is true . There will be times when you do absolutely sell when it drops , but that should be because the company ’ s fundamentals have gone to shit .
This stock makes my balls so wet . It goes up and I buy the ride , it goes down , and I buy more to average down and I feel great that I ’ m getting such a deal . Never not happy here .
That wasn't shit . Back in the great crypto crash , I lost 94 % of my stacks value .
I sold at like $ 135 and bought back the same day at $ 130 thinking I was a financial guru
It ’ s a marathon not a sprint . Hold for a bit .
> I'm holding FTFY
I'll hold until 2035 , idc , no one is gonna stop me
$ 130 before earnings report comes out ! ! !
170 after earnings and Q3 call out .
We are only in the early innings . It will be bumpy but enjoy the ride .
Now aren ’ t you glad you didn ’ t listen to some of the people on here to sell and think they are smart about it ? you would have booked a perm loss and certainly a truckload of regret afterwards . Only thing you would have gained is a tax write off .
Why do you care ? Do you need the money now ? You should be thinking out 10 years at very least when NVDA wlll probably be $ 1000 a share ..
150 is my target as well .
That happens when you invest looking at prices and not the fundamentals . Price is the consequence of good fundamentals
Pour one out for all the homies who didn ’ t make it to the other side 🥲 . Smart ones are accepting they flubbed up and buying back in now , probably why the stock has been on such a crazy tear .
I think we ’ ll see 150 end of month
The real test is if you can ride out a 90 % dip
I had decided to put all my savings into nvidia the day before it started dipping because I had had nvidia stock for over two years and thought might as well actually start making money and that huge dip happened and I still haven't gotten back on to check my account lol I refuse to lose money and watching the dip would've destroyed my emotions lol
Holdin til 200
Obligatory statement of this being my opinion and not financial advice . You may try to justify selling on the dip by telling yourself that it will only go down more or that you could ply the monies from a sale into something else that would make money , and if you were gambling on some weak stock chosen based on some tip or notion based on hearsay , but the NVDA of recent years is not that stock . But do not take my word for it , read what the analysts say , watch the presentations by their CEO to get a vision of what they are about , and check their balance sheet , then take a deep breath and slowly exhale while repeating the mantra " Diamond hands " secure in the knowledge that this stock has a great future for the next several years and perhaps longer . In the opinion of this semi-sentient simian , this stock is worthy of your faith .
You got your cherry popped . It gets easy and easier to hold . Buy on red days hold on Green Days .
Indeed . I came into investing prepared for the whims of the market . And I kept asking myself one question : was the company still valuable ? And the fundamentals still positive ? And since that was a yes on Nvidia . I went all out when it was selling below value at $ 100 and used up my emergency fund . And now praying that they will be no emergency . I won't advice it but I don't regret it . I figured I might as well put in what I planned to invest between now and Dec for DCAing into the dip , and then save that moving forward . It was a great choice for Nvidia .
I dream of a place , a happy place , where NVDA rips above $ 140 and never dips below $ 120 again . Then , I can rest .
$ NVDA long term should have 2-3 more splits should be a $ 1000-5000 stock by 2030 with 2-3 more splits just my opinion but with Blackwell and what Ai is going to be I don ’ t see it being less than a 10-50 Trillion company in 10-20 years . They will be a player in Ai similar to how AAPL was for smart phones . Nobody will be able to compete .
From November 2021 until October 2022 Nvidia lost nearly half of its value before rebounding to where it is . CATCH ME OUTSIDE ! ! !
Love u bro
I am a bit older , but Time has told me that if you buy and hold and hold and hold that the entry price really doesn ’ t matter . I am new to Nvidia because I always thought the price was too high . I bought a big position pre-split to watch it go down 30 % . I should ’ ve taken and bought more on that ugly Monday . I did not I regret it because that would ’ ve been an easy ride to the future .
Up 70 % just this week from putting my entire portfolio in NVDL at the bottom . It was so clear to me that it was going to bounce back . And that being said , it's going to keep going ( for now at least ) . So HODL !
I just bought at 117 today . I was hoping it would go back dwn to at least 100 . 😔
I wasn ’ t tempted to sell during the dip , I bought more . My first time having the balls to do something like that . Then , yesterday after it went up , I took that day as profit ( thankfully was when it was +6.1 % ) . I thought there might be another pullback - dumb to try to guess I know - and I would then buy back in with that same $ . Anyways , I have learned that even though I took a smallish profit and realized my gains , I am still kicking myself for not leaving it in . If we don ’ t see a pullback in the coming 7-10 days I ’ m going to just put it back in . All this to say , good on you for staying strong ! !
Are most people in their 20s here ? Just curious
Why would you sell ? Rookies and crypto smokers short sell . If you buy a stock you don't want to hold for 5 years minimum , don't buy it . Need money ? Get a margin account you dinguses
Paper hands
Yep , as long as the fundamentals don ’ t change there isn ’ t much to worry about long term . Use these course corrections as buying opportunities instead . The only concern I have is how the market is going to develop for NVDA and if financially it makes sense for their clients to keep putting insane amounts of money into AI . If in 2-3 years NVDAs customers aren ’ t ascribing some of their profits to AI investments , I will consider selling .
Same boat , bought before the dip , scary huge dip but realised its the same throughout the sector and even across other sectors . The market just went into fear mode . Now that inflation numbers this week seems to be easing , I think we may see a ride until earnings and probly after if its good
bought a $ 64 NVDL call 2-3 days ago that ’ s ending today , hopefully that comes today
mmm
Dip ? ? This is is a 10 banger in two years as of last month …
Why would you sell on the dip ? I know , it ’ s only a dip after the fact . Could it have gone lower ? Of course , but fundamentally , nothing changed . And NVDA was not alone ; it was the whole tech market that was dipping . That ’ s a correction , not a specific company reversal because of some bad news .
Just have a risk / stop level . If it goes below XX then sell . This will prevent you from getting scared or emotional about the position because the rule is set for you . It will also protect your downside in the event of a real correction or longterm downtrend . I really think below 90 $ half of this reddit will panic sell , if that ’ s your risk you can get out before it sinks to 70 $ and buy from there .
[ removed ]
Only time to get scared is when you buy options , and you don ’ t know what to do Hang tight on tech
When in doubt , zoom out . Charts look good and with a sure good earnings call coming up soon . Holding is the way . NFA .
I bought the The dip at $ 92 . A couple weeks ago . I had a feeling it might go to 87 dollars but never did . At least not yet . I hope it hits around a thousand or so then I can retire lol !
Great lesson learned .
I actually enjoy the volatility ! It adds excitement especially when you have faith and believe in the fundamentals
Do you sell on every dip ? Wtf
Hodl
I was close to selling too but because i was trading on margin and had lost alot of money on smci
I sold everything at 101 but it didn ’ t felt right so got back in at 105 . Best decision ever
Yes it ’ s a bit scary for sure . Was all in on NVIDIA - with 100 % ! of my money at 1886 shares . Sold 386 shares today just to not have everything on NVIDIA but still keeping 1500 shares to at least after Aug earnings then may sell 500 more and just keep 1000 shares .
I ’ ll always hold during a time of volatility , but this experience taught me that options are bad during increased volatility if you can ’ t reasonably guess which way things are trending in a given day .
Does the Pope shit in the woods ? Yes … we are holding .
Coulda bought more in the low 90 ’ s
lol new investors havent experienced a real dip
Or sell and buy back the dips .
Stop with these motivational posts , about your spiritual journey from $ 120 to $ 100 and back . We all know you all didn ’ t learn anything in two months , and are gonna cry when the price does a cartwheel again . The real OG ’ s are waking up from a three month slumber ; and prepared to capture earnings movement
Nvidia call options set for Sept 6th a good idea or not ? Think earnings might be good ...
Whoops , we buy dips not sell them .
So just fuck my afternoon ? Smh
Keep holding , it may very well hit back to the 90s . Never stop holding
Correct me if am wrong here , but I don't understand some of the panic with Nvidia here . They seem to be a solid company with good fundamentals , just did a split of their stock ( the good kind ) and people here are acting like it's some sort of meme stock .
MMW . Anyone who sells over the next 5 years is gonna feel like a total idiot later .
I bought more when it dipped .
Never understood the notion of selling when it ’ s low . Like , you can sell when it ’ s high but why sell when it ’ s low . Lock in your losses ? “ Buy high sell low ” meme is real
Buy the dip
Yea , don ’ t buy high and sell low .
I bought more on the dip , again 😁
Hey I ’ m a newbie but I dgaf if it goes up or down , I just want to know how does a stock usually get corrected ? Not sure if it ’ s the right term but what events would have to take place for it to stay at a certain level for a long time .
I held too though was fearful . I sold my SMCI though .
Hold it to the max or forever regret
Post this again when it falls over 50 % 😉
Investing in stock is an art . Read some historic famous invester's books and learn ? I did and 12 month 85 % up ?
This was my first experience with a dip like this , but I remained calm and just held it . This was the first time I was tested and it made me gain respect for the market . You ’ re right , it does give more experience , so on the next dip a person knows the routine . It ’ s all a part of the game . I just kept buying .
Our models currently , with this rise to 124 , have the lowest buy confidence ever recorded for a S & P 500 stock , even across all the training , test , forward validation , and live data since 2010 . The stock is currently overbought , and I sold $ 100,000 earlier today . I'll buy back in to get more shares at 111 to 116 . It will be a great investment in the long run , but there's likely to be a dip over the next few days . Nothing goes up 25 % like this in a week without some kind of pullback .
Hilarious .
I sold 20 % of my NVidia portfolio for breakeven right before the price jump above 115 . 😭
I would advise porting positions into shorting when pullback happens , especially if bad news are on the horizon . Even if historically stock has made a comeback I don ’ t see why you wouldn ’ t ride it both ways .
Lmao
There is definitely something to be said for bearing witness to a flash correction and living through it . If you have conviction for the long term , you'll quickly learn to ignore the noise .
But it is important to recognize when it is going down because the situation of the company / economy as a whole has changed and when it is just going down due to a fluctuating market . In this case it is clear that nothing changed about nvidias situation . so the correct answer was to hold . But for example Tesla's case , the inflated value and Elon Musk aside . It is clear that nothing new is on the horizon , the existing products are decreasing in sales due to competitors and reputation . The new product isn't living up to what is promised . And their internal structure seems unstable ( to say it lightly ) . That all makes it a bad stock to have . And really any piece of bad news can send the stock tumbling down .
We should destroy this company . AI will destroy jobs and society . We should join together and bring this pos to the ground . We are peoples values . This stock needs to crash and burn . Or fight club style and destroy manufacturing plants .
Look at the reasons for the dip . No reason to calm down 150 is a very reasonable target for the end of the year .
I remember when I was prepared to sell at $ 300 and it dipped to around $ 120 instead . I just bought more at $ 127 and sold some when it finally got back to $ 300 .
Time in the market beats timing the market
I ’ ve learned when I look at the fundamentals and the story behind what drives a stock and they look very strong . When it sells off due to market dynamics ( unless it ’ s a large geopolitical or macro economic issue ) and I ’ m sitting there going , “ Why the fuck would anyone sells this right now ? ” It means that I should be getting ready to buy any oversold conditions .
I see a big dip coming in September gonna try to make some paper in between and sell at the close to the peak and hold dry powder for rebuy in late September , October coming we know what month that is ! Period . End dictation .
This guy averages up
👍🏽
Oh you bet I had crypto . God I regret buying that
ExXxactly . Bing 0Oo ! Yahtzee . 👍
Well I mean from around the middle of June this year to the start of August it dropped $ 140 to about $ 90 . That's about a 35 % drop in a month and a half .
exactly , not all dips are the same
You too . Stay safe ✊
NVDL AND CHILL ! LOVE IT ! I have 1/2 in NVDL and 1/2 in NVDX loading up for earnings ... hopefully a good day for us all !
45
All the numbers in your comment added up to 69 . Congrats ! 64 + 2 + 3 = 69 ^ ( [ Click here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=LuckyNumber-Bot&subject=Stalk%20Me%20Pls&message=%2Fstalkme ) to have me scan all your future comments . ) \ ^ ( Summon me on specific comments with u / LuckyNumber-Bot . )
Will do sir
Which ones ?
Well ... don't treat all dips the same . If NVDA has an earnings report like Intel ( it won't , but hypothetically ) ... GTFO immediately . Not all dips are a buying opportunity , sometimes ... they are more opportunities to go broke . Just watch the fundamentals , try and listen to all the earnings reports of other companies related to your investment and if they're ALL good as NVDA's have been , then hold .
When the stock dips … . buy more chips
Never react to a dip unless you're buying . Good job .
The dip was very short lived . Hence many survived
Yes man like wise . I learned plenty .
If this was intel from 60 down to 20 , you would hate yourself for catching the knife .
asts
housing starts and permits hit lowest levels since 2020 . really bad news
now foreclosures up 10 % too . This is bad
careful 109 is max pain today [ https://maximum-pain.com/options/nvda ] ( https://maximum-pain.com/options/nvda )
Then you would need to destroy a whole lot more companies than Nvidia .
And so is $ 100 . It ’ s volatile right now so really hard to predict where it ’ ll be with any accuracy .
I think 260 is reasonable before it falls back to 160 . Happens every cycle . 140-260- 160-280-1200
Exactly I have some positions . I ’ ve held between 30 and 40 years . It ’ s definitely about time in the market .
it ’ s a smart way to minimize your tax bill
Remindme ! 1 year
I do not let newspaper articles that are covering the soup of the day determine my buying or selling . There are several top-tier investment research reports that you can access for free through your local library and , if you have Fidelity account , through their research center . These reports provide invaluable professional insights ( oftentimes by teams of people who do nothing else but study this shit ) , and can save you a lot of money . One of the key resources is CFRA ( Center for Financial Research and Analysis ) , which is a highly respected provider of independent research and my personal favorite . They cover a wide range of sectors and offer detailed analysis on individual companies . Another excellent resource is Argus , which is known for its buy , hold , and sell recommendations . They offer in-depth reports on companies , giving you access to data that can guide your decisions on stock valuation and market outlook . You ’ ll also find Value Line to be a fantastic tool , especially if you ’ re looking for concise reports on company performance , financial strength , and future prospects . Their rankings and analysis are a great way to compare companies . And finally , Morningstar is well-known for its analysis of mutual funds and ETFs , but they also provide excellent stock research . Their star ratings are particularly useful for understanding the long-term outlook of investments . If they are saying all the same things about a stock you can aggregate this info to help make your decision . Hope this helps .
[ removed ]
I bought around the 120 range , hypothetically , if earnings turn that bad , would you sell all your shares ?
30-40 years ? ! When will you sell ?
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [ * * 2025-08- 16 17:55 : 48 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-08-16%2017:55:48%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1etainr/we_holding/lifwkxw/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1etainr%2Fwe_holding%2Flifwkxw%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-08-16%2017%3A55%3A48%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201etainr ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
> I do not let newspaper articles that are covering the soup of the day determine my buying or selling . Right . Which is why you have to watch the related earnings reports . That's going to give you the information the analysts get but you get it directly . I've got a friend who works at a large firm who's helped me immeasurably ( well ... I can measure it , but that's not the point ) . I ask him if what I'm thinking is right and he confirms or dispels how I interpret that information .
Well ... yeah , Intel's issues doesn't mean it's not a good investment now , I'm just saying if it WAS something that disastrous , sell ... wait for them to get their shit together and get back in . Although even that is poor advice . NVDA could have a bad earnings ( they won't ) or have poor guidance for Q3 ( more likely , but won't ) and have a crazy drop overnight and you still might be better off holding . There's really no answer that fits everyone .
Not unless you want to get slaughtered . Why would you sell for a loss ? My view it ’ s better if it ’ s a great company like nivida to hold on . It will come back . Unless you need the money to live on the next year , don ’ t panic .
Well ... it depends on how the earnings are bad . Do they come in at \ ~ 28B and 70 % margins dropping gross margins down to \ ~ 55-60 with them projecting 31B in Q3 and similar margins ? Then yes , I'm selling . I've made enough in NVDA , the stock would drop ... a lot and I'd be selling . I don't think there's a chance that happens . I think they'll be \ ~ 31B , the margins will come down , I don't think they'll come down 7 % ( maybe moving forward with Blackwell , but I think that'll be fine ) and I think forward guidance is going to be strong . I think Q3 is going to be strong-ER as they guide toward Q4 and hopefully have Blackwell shipped after a minor 3 - month delay ( which has happened before , not that unusual IMO , AMD just had one , NVDA themselves had one last ... OCT IIRC ) .
Hopefully , I won ’ t need it during my lifetime and it will pass on to my heirs . The best way to generate generational wealth is through investing and not selling .
Yes ! Good point : Also get your info on companies raw , straight from the source first and foremost !
I think they were asking me given the fact that ... I've been in it for a while , I saw it go from \ ~ 48 ( roughly 1.2 without the two splits ) and then hit 320 a share , then drop down to \ ~ 120 before starting the last huge run . So they're asking if I'd sell after going through that and having made And why would you sell at a loss ? Because if the fundamentals change ... a small loss is better than a big loss . It's all hypothetical as I don't see a scenario in which they have a poor earnings that would compel me to sell . I'd be more inclined if META said ... ' we're cutting CapEx in Q3 or if TSMC said NVDA was " just " 45 % of their business ( at least until they open their other plants ) . But they're looking at 3-4 quarters of ... pretty impressive growth and I can't see anything other than some black swan event that'd change that .
I've been trying not to let the red days get to me , but when I found out abt Intel , it got me thinking negatively . Regardless , I will still continue to hold because I believe this company will do well , so thank you for the advice .
You are a good man
The difference is Intel has been struggling for 10 + years . Totally different product and quality . It ’ s pretty sad . I owned some Intel at $ 50 and I got out at 30 because the tea leaves told me that until was garbage . I was also a Disney shareholder for 30 + years and I pulled the plug back in June and put that money into Nvidia and AVGO .
I hope my kids appreciate it one day . Gee ! Dad was a nice guy to have these investments . I will sure miss him . Lol .
Did the exact same thing with Disney 🤝
The same here . Half for my son to finish his MD school without huge debt . The other half for my daughter who wants to be a pro soccer player that hardly can make enough money to survive .
If NVDA gets to $ 235 beers on this guy .
you should be a analyst with this level of DD in no time
Why stop there ? Taylor Swift for President .
To bad the guy didn't dump 700k Into nvidia
damn can i borrow your time machine
I would like that . I don't think so though
I am old enough to remember this kind of crazy talk right before the 2000 crash
Wishful thinking
Get a couple of Green Days and comments like this comes out the wood works ! SMFH !
This will happen when a Coke can is $ 30
congrats . you just promoted to $ NVDA ceo .
the number will be as high as my portfolio wants it to be !
Bwahaha , AMD is down 5 points for the year and is up 300 % ( $ 105 ) over the last 5 years . Even with NVDA , you expect their market cap to double from $ 2.9 T to $ 5.8 T ? Dear Baby Hey-Sus , folks are smoking some mad shit today with their silly hot takes .
I think not many people are using GPUs in crypto mining these days . ASICs are being used for crypto mining .
Not sure but there is a good chance this might happen . Similar to Apple during the initial iphone frenzy and how smartphone caused massive disruption in the market . AI can match or even surpass the impact of the invention of smartphone which positively impact the company's stock .
In your opinion what happens first ... PLTR hits $ 50 or NVDA hits $ 180 ?
Inflation will make us all billionaires , if we live long enough .
Mining crypto . lmao , what a idiotic scheme . Bitcoin is one thing . " Crypto " is a whole other can of worms .
Rather have a consistent ride towards that number and if we can get there in the next 3 years I ’ ll be elated 🥳
Dogecoin-level DD
Pretty much on par with the average analyst nowadays . Put out a price and virtually no support and call it an analysis with an eye catching link .
you should quit your job and yolo
Nvidia will lap AMD ..
i have a dream
AMD stock is too underrated . Lots of Nvidia's fans don't understand how good AMD chip is .
Tge stonk is woryh well over 160
Yeah right . In my dreams .
Yes
Ppl get on this thread and just say anything lmaooo
Cope lol
235 ... wow hey man I'm with ya ! ! ! lol
Hope you're right
12 months ? Hell nah . 7-8 years yea there is certainly a chance .
Crypto and gaming cards is for amateurs tbh . :) see dedicated miners for better results
I like the stocks , therefore double ! I do so decree .
Looks like 92 people got baited so far
Why stop there ? NVDA 300
So 5T market cap
Sure it will buddy
If it makes it to $ 235 I will give you a bj for free . And I hope it happens
But NVDIA is so much more than that ? With a 1.1 peg compared to AMD with much less potential in my mind and a 1.92 peg . I ’ ve sold my AMD position for NVDA because a much better price for a business with much higher potential seems too obvious a choice to me .
People throwing random number out should be ignored . Lol
Oh dam , I was thinking " 235 that isn't that mutch isn't ? " But I just realised he said ! 2 ! 35 not ! 1 ! 35
lol
Casually tossing out a $ 6 trillion market cap for NVDA . Cool .
Going up for no reason 😂
Amd for 1000 .
I ’ m almost break even on Nvidia now so to the moon hopefully haha . Had a great day overall
6 trillion dollar market cap on Nvidia is crazy in 12 months especially with the run it's already had . I expect it to keep going up as long as demand continues to be there but double the stock price in 12 months is optimistic at best especially with how volatile and sensitive this stock is to any news . Also have a lot of looming macro economic issues on the horizon and we have no idea how that is going to turn out or impact this stock .
... people still mine crypto on GPUs ? In 2024 ? I guess if they are ok mining at a loss to support some cause they believe in , or they are leeching another person's power bill , ... sure ?
[ deleted ]
RemindMe ! 12 months “ read this thread ”
NVDA 280 by 9/16
Fuck it , grow some balls and just push them right to $ 50T market cap .
NVDA to 235 would be nice . I will give everyone here a ride in my new Ferrari
AMD is more likely to reach your target than nvidia IMO .
What happens at 235 and 280 ?
Maybe we see 175 but doubt we will see 200 anytime soon .
NVDA to $ 400 f it
lol
yeah next year tho
No problem with Kamoola as President . She has had 3.5 years to get things going with the economy and now wants us to put her in office so she can fix the economy . Hmmmm ... why not now ?
12 months is a bit optimistic I believe we will hit 200 in 5 years not 12 months that is more realistic
LOL we owe him beers 😭
235 and I ’ ll start a beer company and sell them to you
This is top notch reconnaissance
analysts are the ones with these type of DDs but with a bit more length
😂 😂 😂
Screw Taylor , Happy-Conclusion 7710 for president !
And Kanye for VP
Prince for presi
Snoop as the ambassador of Jupiter !
If she buys us beer , I'm for her
Me dick 2 ”
Better choice than Kamala
Ouch . Poor guy can't even get good dividends from INTC now , mostly a dead asset and opportunity cost until Intel really turns things around .
Why not ? Nvidia did split back in 2021 . Also , as Nvidia advances the stock price goes up .
By 2030
I mean . Every stock forum has this crazy bullish post
You ’ re a Dinosaur . Nothing about 25 years ago is relevant today … especially technology
Another similarity is retail investor participation
Are you involved enough to know the fundamental differences ?
It really does scare me
> Get a couple of Green Days Wake me up when September ends
Achieve when one big mac values 30 $
AMD has a bit more going for it . If AI declines nvidia will plummet , . AMD will as well but they still have regular old datacenter stuff to fall into
Having a good chip doesn't corelate with stock price and earnings .
I'm waiting for the one where NVDA's market cap is greater than the U . S . GDP . So around $ 1200 . Basically , AI does all the work and [ we're all fat humans like in the movie Wall-E ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=gtHmF2XZBNE&t=217s ) .
Depending on the indicators you care about she did great . Markets still near ATH , so any investors should be better off . I'd prefer Harris over someone who calls it " the AIs " . But I'd also prefer both candidates to candidly talk about technology , AI , and related policy because so far we haven't heard much out side of tariffs .
Nose beers
What app is OP using ? ? ?
🍻
Intel guy for president ofc , what you on about
He ’ s a MAGA loon ..
He ’ s got my vote !
What can be , unburdened by what has been .
Yep Trump 2024 !
My dog is a better choice than Kamala . 😂 😎 Trump 24 by far , save the country and the economy
Because its already the biggest company on the US market fueled by big tech spending their capital onto AI . Do you think big tech will continue to pour more and more into it every quarter ? Do you think they won't come up with any of their own custom solutions ? When the industry has more competition ? If big tech doesn't get what they're looking for off of this and can't profit from it themselves , then nvidia will likely fall to 50-60 $ a share , which puts it at about 35 PE . And if competition happens , which would eat at their profits , then it could fall further . Good to think about both sides , im bullish on tech but you gotta be ready to see the signs on a sinking ship ( which it's obviously not sinking right now )
After another split or two .
2030 ? nvda 1500-2000 $ ( no split counted )
Nvidia in 2030 ? ? Def next year if not end of this year .
NVDA p / s ratio is pretty insane though and the stock has priced in years of growth already . It's a classic bubble .
Funny enough the * exact * same comments were said in 2000 .
Judging by the prices at McDonalds that * could * be next year 🤣
It definitely does not correlate with earnings . AMD earnings is very erratic and inconsistent .
Yahoo ! Finance
Half the country is MAGA . A very small percentage are as crazy as Kanye .
That's the joke .
Maga all the way .
Jesus Fuckin Christ dude . All you do is shill Trump on this site lol find a new hobby , preferably one that involves fresh air .
Kind of going against your username there with your full chest .
MAGA
While I do not think big tech will indefinitely continue their purchases through NVDA or any other chip companies , I think it is only fair to recognize how much of comprehensive suite / solution NVDA is offering to develop in AI and how much further they are in it . Unfortunately , for these big techs , timing of their development and time to market are just as critical as much as having their own . While everyone is steaming away developing with prepackaged tools , you don't want to be left behind trying to create your own tools that the rest of the ecosystem may not adapt at all . The way I see it is , NVDA is more like supplying proven tools to develop in AI space . Maybe not forever , but NVDA definitely is ahead of the rest of the pack .
Maybe nvidia but amd ?
Market cap of like 50 trillion yeah sure why not
No possible way . do you know how much $ that would be in NVDA lmao
I disagree . I don ’ t think Blackwell is priced in yet . I ’ m sorry
So how did that company Microsoft do ? Did they fail or did reign the market for the next 25 years ?
This isn ’ t pets.com this company has real earnings .
Do you recommend ?
The joke was more on their history of beefing with each other and Kanye being a presidential candidate in the last major election
SMEGMA
Don't know much about them . No opinion
Learn math
! RemindMe 6 years
Haha you ’ re clearly very young . Microsoft stock reached a peak of $ 46 in 1999 then the dot com bubble popped and it dropped to $ 28 in 2000 . It then didn ’ t reach back to its previous peak of $ 46 dollars until 2015 . That ’ s SIXTEEN YEARS where the stock price went nowhere . Anyone who told you they held through that is both a liar and a fool . And the cherry is that for every Microsoft there were 99 other companies that went bust . But here ’ s the truth - every bubble has a kernel of truth to it , be it dot com , EV , metaverse , AI - but the key is knowing * when * to buy just as much as what to buy .
Yee
Google chiplet design vs monolith design . Many tech savvy people say that amd is very underrated and nvdas chip design is just brute forcing more power , which leads to problems ( as Blackwell showed ) . There will be a brick wall .
I will be messaging you in 6 years on [ * * 2030-08- 15 01:09 : 45 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2030-08-15%2001:09:45%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1es891w/nvda_to_235_and_amd_to_280/li6382h/?context=3 ) [ * * 7 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1es891w%2Fnvda_to_235_and_amd_to_280%2Fli6382h%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202030-08-15%2001%3A09%3A45%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201es891w ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
It took a while for people to realize the full value of sticky revenue and low distribution cost of selling services like software . I ’ ll try to put a pin in this convo for 2 weeks haha
We are all investing like you . Still buying .
Great entry
I am still kicking my self for panic selling back in September of ‘ 23 . I fucked up . I would have been up $ 25K which would be life changing money for a poor teacher . I ’ m back in now for good .
you weren't blessed , you were smart . i'm at about 300 % right now . you are CRUSHING it .
Congrats on this ! I just jumped in the pool & have 14 shares @ $ 119 . My plan is to hold for 5-10 years & buy whenever I can . I want to accumulate as much as I can afford . I believe in 5-10 years my position will be worth millions
I randomly bought $ 100 of Nvidia in 2015 for $ 5.00 per share . 20 shares , split to 200 . $ 24,000 now . I bought many shares of Nvidia since then but that $ 100 will go down as my best return of my life at 23,500 % return . Fun fact for me : Around that same time , I bought $ 50,000 in Apple stock that has , in itself , increased by 650 % . If I would have used that $ 50k in Nvidia instead it would currently be worth a bit over $ 12,000 , 000 now . Le sigh .
That ’ s awesome man ! Don ’ t forget to take profit . That ’ s what I learned this year .
Well deserved . Really awesome to see .
Well done , sir ! ! Purty numbers !
Nice position ! Congratulation . Your my hero
Buy Buy Buy
Have you bought more on the way up or just been holding for 3 years ? Either way , impressive .
What made you buy initially ? Congrats to you !
NVDA , is being manipulated today . Yesterday it traded at $ 120 with good news and better news from AMD . But whoever is out there casting large shadows on Shorting the stock , made it happen today . Suddenly , just as it rises $ 15 per share , now reports come that the DOJ is investigating it for Antitrust laws broken in recent Acquisition made . Suddenly , just as it rises $ 15 per share , now reports come that Chip companies are going to be facing more scrutiny Now it ’ s trading at $ 105 with the highest volume buys at $ 102 , the lowest at $ 98 and the furthest call option pricing is only to $ 112 per share and its volume is so low there , it won ’ t even test itself today . That means , it will start at $ 105 per share per-hours now at 7am and by 9:30 am be lower than $ 105 . We may test $ 100 levels and that my friends , is pure market manipulation by those in power positions . Morgan Stanley , still has the target to $ 170 per share . As of July 29 2024
Same , I knew I needed to buy when I heard about the previous split in 2021 . Super glad I did now
I ’ m hoping ASTS looks similar by 2030 .
What is the point of this post ? To brag ?
Still regret selling my shares to take profits a while back . Oh well . My other stocks are doing fine so no biggie . Just learning to only buy and hold these days . Even slowly buying stocks is better than constantly trying to chase profits .
Which site is this ?
Keep on buying until Pelosi sells lol 😂
It was total luck , bought right after their 4 to 1 split . I had 125 shares but sold 25 to take some profits when it hit $ 360 ( regret that move now ) . So my average pre split was like $ 190.56 . I ’ m not selling until Pelosi sells lol
Don ’ t feel bad and stop kicking yourself , I ’ ve been there with Apple , my brother told me to buy AAPL in 2010 , I bought 100 shares at $ 93 . One day I woke up and saw the market “ crashing ” sold for like $ 105 and a half hour later it was right back up . ( I didn ’ t know much about stocks back then ) . I never bought back in and I could ’ ve had 2800 shares of AAPL now worth $ 624K ! ! !
You think entering now is still a good move ? Genuinely curious ?
Thanks , 300 % isn ’ t too shabby either lol 😂 wishing you all the best in the NVDA gravy train .
I agree , I don ’ t see AI going anywhere but up , and taking over the world lol 😂 but seriously don ’ t panic , so glad all the times I got scared and wanted to sell that I didn ’ t sell . It took me 3 years to get here and I ’ m willing to wait longer for the benefits I think NVDA has to offer .
Why didnt u buy earlier this week . It was around 103 🥹
That ’ s awesome ! ! I just sold DFS which hasn ’ t done much for me the last three years and I ’ m trying to find something else but I feel like everything is so high right now . I wish I could find that one stock like AAPL was in 2010 or NVDA is now , I want to keep growing my portfolio
I was hoping to sell 250 shares when it hits $ 200 and then let the 750 shares ride . That would at least more than double my initial investment that way I ’ m not left with nothing if something should go bad . I kick myself for selling 25 shares at $ 360 so I want to stick it out with my 1,000 shares now but I know that ’ s probably stupid .
Thanks so much 🙏 wishing you all the best
Thank You 🙏
Thanks . No , I had a set amount to work with . I started with 125 shares sold 25 at $ 360 😢 😢 and hoped 100 shares would keep going up , wasn ’ t expecting a 10-1 split 😊
Was in bed with my first ever COVID case and was looking to invest money I should ’ ve invested a long time ago ! ! I was watching cnbc and saw that it had just done a 4-1 split and thought why not . I have learned a lot the last three years but it was nothing but dumb luck , I figured I saw NVDA logo on all my PCs so why not lol 😂 I ’ m just glad I didn ’ t panic when I watched it go down to the $ 140s
This ☝ ️ ☝ ️ ☝ ️ ☝ ️ I ’ ve learned a lot the last three years and this is one thing that is so true , so much corruption and manipulation happens in the market .
Nice job ! ! !
n whats the point of this comment ?
Yahoo app
So you have like 1000 shares @ like 19.05 not counting dividends [ not a huge impact with NVDA ]
Thanks for the pep talk !
I think if you are planning to hold long term sure , why not .
Nvidia is going to be inside everything device in the future
The answer remains within the tech sector . Within the generic sector if you have time to wait
good plan brother . I don't think that 1000 shares is crazy . I own more than 1000 shares of NVDL ... that's 2x NVDA .
Haha that is awesome ! Congratulations
Yes you can see that in the picture
Wishing you nothing but prosperity 🙏 🙏 🙏
Yeahh I would definitely hold long term , but of course I ’ d like the best entry possible . Just wondered whether people see a general climb from here on out . I tend to keep a list of companies and buy when they go on sale but I ’ m fairly late to the nvidia rally . Guess I should do some research instead of asking reddit comments ..
Same to you ! 🙏
We all try to time it , and we all fail on that
I was hovering over the buy button yesterday morning and then the words of Dieselcock came to mind regarding the pullback . So I didn't and then it all came crashing down an hour later . Then another Diesel post happened yesterday evening about the pullback and I bought after market . Not that any of this will make any real difference long term , but it's still fun to follow somebody knowledgeable and actually hit some sort of timing , however minor it is .
just hold , never sell
I guess this NVDA train is Diesel powered lol CHU CHU !
holy POOPA ! ! u made more than my 1 month salary in 1 day
W . W . D . C . D
ok im still selling after earnings and buying next dip .
Generally a bad idea to praise analysers . They may be right some times , but not all times . Which could end with catastrophic consequences . Best to stand on your own legs . But general advice like not trying to time the market is not unique to the cock . It's something basic most people know . Still good advice
Should I sell at $ 130 ?
Dieselcock is the man !
Buy and hold . Easy .
Noob question , how do you have xxx . 841 shares ? I have xxx.xx shares of some MFs like FZROX and similar but could only buy whole shares of NVDA ?
I had the same premonition and the post confirmed my thoughts . I was going to act on it but then I forgot lol
Who is dieselcock ?
enjoy lush pie nail drunk act plucky cough repeat sulky * This post was mass deleted and anonymized with [ Redact ] ( https://redact.dev ) *
Welcome to the club !
For what lol . I remember a claim about an actual drop from market manipulation the stock has been stable since he made that post
Diesel cock is good . I think he was suggesting a potential larger pullback though early next week though .. could be wrong . We'll see .
This is giving me the same vibes as the guy who put grandma's inheritance into intel
Fools don ’ t give up timing the market and kick themselves . NVDA is still cheap and will ride the AI rocket to the moon ! ! !
Not all
It's funny cause as usual everyone was calling BS right before the dip happened . Now the naysayers are all quiet .
💎 🤲🏽 it is
Buying when the stock is on sale will lower your average cost basis
Haven't made anything until I sell !
I don't think he actually owns any NVDA , he just gives us TA for free . I think he owns mostly QQQ .
What are your target prices ? How successful have you been doing this ? The last few earnings it dipped right before .
I've been following him for a few months and he's been spot on most of the time . He predicted : - 970 to 750 , then blast thru 1200 in April / May - When it hit 1300-1400 he said it would give back all of its post May earnings gains back to 920-930 ( 92-93 post split ) Of course no one is 100 % correct but he's been very good .
No , they report earnings on the 28th
No idea . When would you buy back in ?
Most brokers allow partial shares . If you're using Fidelity , go to buy and select " fewer trade selections " then for quantity type " dollars " and you can enter as many dollars as you have available . Set your limit price and it will buy the partial shares .
I buy whole shares but if you choose “ reinvest dividends ” , you ’ ll always end up with fractional totals .
Robinhood lets you buy fractional shares of everything besides penny stocks :)
You get dividends as partial shares when you choose to reinvest them .
You snooze you lose !
An analyst . https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/hOAVLks5LL
He did say it was going to have pullback then recover , no ?
For his excellent analysis this week . What exactly have you contributed to this sub ?
He posted yesterday that a larger pullback was unlikely and NVDA started to look oversold . So that's when I bought it .
I wish I was gifted 700k to blow . I only have around 100k in my Roth though , and I earned it all myself . Plus this is NVDA not dead money INTC .
Not sure I'd consider it cheap but seems safe enough .
It will hit $ 160 / share of NVDA this month ( First to $ 4T ) It will hit $ 200 / share of NVDA in Nov 2024 It will hit $ 240 / share of NVDA in Feb 2025
Paper profits ( & losses ) . They come & go w the tide.enjoy the ride .
He can see into the future
$ 95 post earnings
Thanks . I'm using Fidelity and didn't know about that option . I just opened a Roth IRA yesterday w / 7k and started with a " three fund portfolio " but also bought some NVDA , 13 shares yesterday during the " dip " . Would've used that extra for a little more but put the leftover ( not much ) into FZROX .
Good call , forgot about that option . I think I have two that I have set to reinvest in themselves but the rest dump into SPAXX and then I distribute manually .
Thanks :)
Ah okay . Im feeling one more price control red day next week . But we will see . Either way it's temporary
I also have a large holding of nvdia so I'm with you . I think it's a good investment
Hold on , ur 100 % NVDA ? ?
124 dollars a share is better than 1240.00 a share
Hope so ! But I'd be happy with any green .
Any reason why you expect it to drop to 95 ?
I started with the 3 fund portfolio and missed out on a lot of gains over the years . Bonds were dead money and international lagged US funds by a lot . I just stick to VTSAX / VTI for the majority of my portfolio now .
Thats what I was thinking , are u thinking before earnings ?
Just in my Roth . It's about 5 % of my net worth .
Odds of them splitting so they are not 1k is nonzero chance …
Oh yeah way better
Just 💎 🤲🏽 it and you will be fine . CUDA is a giant moat around the NVDA hardware . No one is going to break thru that any time soon .
Solely bc AI isn ’ t making money just yet
Hmm , I'll look into that . I have about 40 % us total market , 20 international , 15 bonds , and the rest NVDA .
I think it's gotta be . Monday or Tuesday I suppose . I don't know if I have the patience to wait to buy in again Wednesday lol . I think the market as a whole is still a little too hot .
So your entire roth is 100 % NVDA ?
Meta showed that AI is profitable
Are you close to retirement ? I feel like bonds are unnecessary unless you're going to retire soon . That's just my opinion .
Sold some before market close 🫶
Right now yes , I consider my Roth my gambling account . I have a similar amount in crypto . My 401k and HSA are all in VTSAX . The rest of my portfolio is in real estate .
Meta gave away their AI for free
Kind of in a mixed boat . I could retire in about 3.5 years ( Navy Officer ) but might stick around after 20 . If I get out , I'll be 46 so plan on finding some other line of work . I thought about reducing the bonds as a percentage of my IRA . I just maxed it out for this year , so would either just shift stuff around or favor the other portions more when I do the same thing next year . Started this one late but have been paying into TSP ( basically a 401k ) since I joined back in 2008 , have my own investments w / Fidelity , and a managed investment account somewhere else . All that with the pension I should get after retiring and I think I'm in a pretty good spot . Also transferred my GI bill to my 3 year old son , so won't have to worry about college money too much down the road .
Bond prices rise when yields fall . Fed signaling rate cuts means bonds to rally . Their current yields will not be replaced by new issuance as new issuances will have lesser yield . So investors bid up the prices of the older bonds with the higher interest rates .
Lol . Me too .
Now we're in this together !
Wow I see , how much have you made on it so far ?
If you're not close to retirement then what's the point ? VTI will significantly beat bonds in the long run .
Good luck brother 😁 Keep me updated
Pretty much the same as when I posted a few hours ago . +3.83 % or $ 3,896 . But we all know that can quickly change .
I'm just sharing information that I thought was relevant . I'm a formerly registered investment advisor that's worked in JP Morgan's Corporate Imvestment Banking division . I thought bonds were junk too to be honest and just thought that bit about how they work is neat and worth sharing .
Haha will do
Just got back in .
Ohh so u just recently did this full port
Ohh so u just recently did this full port
Yes it says in the post . I bought half yesterday and half this morning .
I ’ m about 60 % NVDA on a $ 680k portfolio if you had any questions AMA
Nice , what's your average for NVDA ? Do you plan to buy more ? Do you have an exit plan ? What is the other 40 % invested in ?
Average : around $ 67 / share . Buy more ? Yes as possible but don ’ t have much big chunks to add so doing like IRA and HSA max plus anything else that can trickle into taxable savings . Exit plan : honestly unsure . I ’ m a historically an Sp500 boy but ventured out with a large concentration of Tesla . Didn ’ t like the stock but learned I ’ m comfortable with a lot of stock in one company for some time . I save well . I ’ m confident in NVDA to beat SP500 for time to come and comfortable with the risk if I ’ m wrong . Other 40 % : this is what ’ s in mine and parters 401ks . Since we can ’ t buy NVDA outright we use Fidelity growth company fund for mine and Fidelity blue chip growth fund for hers . My thinking is we ’ ll either make WAY more money doing it this way OR we ’ ll just be like the average retirement savers if shit hits the fan ( we just restart ) . I ’ m early / mid 30s so willing to chance it for the biscuit .
Wow all of your retirement accounts are on growth funds ! I wish I had that risk tolerance . I just do majority VTSAX / VTI . So do you put your 7k / year Roth contribution into NVDA every year ?
Haha yes . To me it ’ s not really that risky ( especially relative to my NVDA holding haha ) . In the grand scheme of things it should only benefit me long term . That ’ s the plan but I haven ’ t made a Roth contribution yet for this year and I just started in NVDA in feb . so this year our 7k each will go to NVDA .
While his closest friends unload their bags . NVDA is a great company long term . However when mr Cramer says hold or buy , that gives me a pause on buying more . He has his own agenda .
Do the opposite of Cramer .
Inverse Cramer . $ NVDA = $ 200 by Christmas
Dell just beat . He's wrong - Dell beat - Marvel Beat - Tech is where it's at
Amid dip * sh * t advice he gave . Finished the headline for you . 👍🏼
Dude the dip was $ 97
If Cramer says don ‘ t buy I know what I do . Best contraindicator of all time .
It did not change price target of 140-170 . I understand we're not seeing 500 % YOY anymore , but a company making over 28B - 30B a quarter is not expensive at 130 . Institutions unloading for the last 2-3 weeks capping the price below 129 really did surprise me though . Maybe they see economic / geopolitical risk for the rest of the year . Or institutions themselves overbought the hype which would make sense for they are the ones kept selling above 120 .
Buying the dip
Inverse Cramer rule , NVDA $ 200 EOY
Dips are for buying .
i believe it dropped because of the hype . to many new traders excited about NVDA . This dip was meant to push the newbies out and teach them a lesson . Next quarter they wont all buy in with all their savings . Cant have a bunch of millionaires made from this one stock . it is controlled . complete gambling now a days . times have changed for sure
The title on this screenshot is misleading . Cramer said “ own it , don ’ t trade it ”
I wouldn ’ t trust Jim with supervising my anus
Buy buy
Rule # 1 don't listen to analysts Hardly a dip considering it was $ 98 less than a month ago , but probably a good investment ! !
The margins on this company are so good that they just need a few quarters to beat Apple in actual profit
" Renowned investor Jim Cramer " ? ? ? ! what about Clown investor Jim Cramer .
This is what the articles says . “ simpler terms , while Nvidia stock might experience further short-term weakness , Cramer believes it will recover and eventually climb back to $ 150 . He shared this insight with members of his investing club on Thursday . ” . The title is misleading .
He ’ s a moron
Meeeeeee too ... I swear these guys are trying to get you to poor decisions ...
How bout I ignore Cramer instead .
Buy the dip coming in the next few weeks around 95-100 a share and chill . Bookmark this comment . You ’ ll get your opportunity .
Ffs Jim Cramer . We are trully fucked
I was planning to load up tomorrow as long as I can get in anywhere between 115-120 Now I ’ m gonna load up double lol
that ’ s an old chip … 5th gen geforce ?
Kramer named his dog nvidia . Damn .
My put that used to hedge is going to cover my original input at this point if Jim said that .
I'm going to bet that Cramer makes more money as a TV personality and analyst than he does as an actual investor .
yes he changed his tune . He is touting a $ 150 price target , based on a 30 multiple and a $ 5 per share earning sometime in the future .
Up 3.5 % already today
Cramer can shuffle my nuts .
Cramer is right . NVDA is a cyclical chip company and we are going into September which is known as a down month for stocks as well as October . It's best to hold off on buying stocks until end of September and October after the drop further in prices ... roughly 4-6 weeks out .
Me too
hello i am big jim cramer . I am a idiot . Go NVDA
Yup inverse Cramer I have been adding since earnings dip . No fear here . These dips are easy to buy verses Tesla .
Pretty much do the opposite of what Jim Cramer says
jim buys , you sell . Jim sells , you buy .
I will buy the dip of the dip but probably not the dipity dip . 🥹
It dipped again
I ’ m selling at $ 123 tomorrow if it gaps up there is way to much selling pressure cause of the low volume in the market
He doesn't care about you or me . Make your own opinion on research you trust . The stock is priced to perfection , which it didn't quite make on guidance but was a fantastic quarter . I added a few shares myself at close . Edited to add : Technically Cramer said " Own it , don't trade it " . Same as AAPL . I interpret that as he doesn't recommend selling the dip . I agree . Buying in is no problem , I know he's not fond of all the novice option trading we're all aware of . Free market , I know but a lot of dumb questions being asked by folks with no business trading options taking dangerous risks with hard earned savings . JMHO
The inverse Cramer is the way to go .
Lllleeetttsss gggoooooooo ! ! !
Remindme ! 4 months
Right , because when Nvidia reports 80 % growth in Q3 ’ 25 and 60 % in Q4 ’ 25 , the share price goes up ? That makes sense .
Didn't dell lower guidance because of Blackwell delays ?
If we ’ re not seeing 500 % YoY the PE ratio is going to go drastically down (= stock price will go down ) . $ 30B and $ 130 mean nothing in this context , the investors have decided NVDA is worth more than their current profits when compared to other mag 7 stocks . If they can ’ t hold that equation , the price is going to match other mag 7 PE ratios
You can ’ t look at ‘ 130 ‘ as if the number is in a vacuum by itself . The market cap is 3 tril . You are certainly not going to see a 5x on that in any given year . And when you look at the earnings annually which is about 100B which is what google does at a far lower cap you can start to see why people think this is overvalued . Of course people were overlooking this when the growth was hyperbolic , but now that it has officially slowed down people starting to look at the deeper questions .
Where are you seeing that institutions are selling ? News to me .
Crab or onion ?
Ummm … why not load up now ? ? it ’ s 118 ! tomorrow will be green
It is still priced to perfection long-term , i . e . priced on very very optimistic growth over several years , which looks tough given the cyclicality of chips ( as AI efforts can continue once enough chips are deployed without the further acceleration of chip capacity ) and the in-house competition by large customers ( for custom use-cases where CUDA is irrelevant ) .
I have no idea what the future holds but Cramer being bearish is probably 53/47 positive
I will be messaging you in 4 months on [ * * 2024-12- 30 13:41 : 51 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-12-30%2013:41:51%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f4i3w0/i_bought_the_dip/lko5tam/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f4i3w0%2Fi_bought_the_dip%2Flko5tam%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-12-30%2013%3A41%3A51%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f4i3w0 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Haha . I was mostly making a joke about Cramer being Bearish and it usually being bullish for the stock . I don't expect it to go that high , but I will have a very Merry Christmas if it does .
As of June 5 , 2024 , the price-to-earnings-to-growth ( PEG ) ratio for the Magnificent Seven ( Mag 7 ) stocks ranged from 1.21 x to 4.39 x : * Meta : 1.21 x * Nvidia and Amazon : 1.28 x each * Alphabet : 1.29 x * Microsoft : 2.19 x * Apple : 2.33 x * Tesla : 4.39 x What do you see NVDA peg at for the next year ? TSLA is 4x time overvalued .
That ’ s very good info . What do you make of these targets of $ 140-170 then ? Are they just straight up lying while selling off for weeks ?
Very insightful thanks .
Jim Cramer even still a thing ? He still doing coke ?
I never touch pre-market or after hours , just a personal preference .
As a long term HODL'r , this pattern is fairly regular before earnings , drop around ERs of most other tech , then recovery in the weeks before NVDA ER .
I just bought a few days ago at $ 105 . Plan to hold for 5-10 years but it's nice to already be in the green !
Buying Nvidia is a no-brainier at this point : 1 . Hyperscalers have announced increase spends in AI infra 2 . Super strong guidance and revenue from TSMC 3 . AI going mainstream with launch on 1.5 billion Apple devices 4 . This is just the beginning of the AI story !
Looks like stock is building its baseline right around $ 110
I have been caught in bull traps before … how do we know this is definitely breaking out ?
Nvidia has two more jumps to make , get in and buckle up . After these two it will mostly behave like apple or msft .
All my cash 100k aud in nvda x3 leverage when it was $ 99 a few days ago . Hope it will hit $ 115-120 by this week and then $ 130 by next week not sure how it goes after the earnings
Mercury is in retrograde . No chance of a breakout .
Should I buy more , or wait ? I got my average share price down pretty good when it hit 91 last week , but if I buy now my average share price goes up .
Better hope Iran doesn ’ t invade Israel anytime soon
#ALL-IN NVDL BABY
is this the end of the short term downtrend ? !
Technicals are 100 % irrelevant .
I'm not sure about this . Today seems fairly linked to NASDAQ after the morning's initial correction .
NVDA went up because of Vivek touting it from Bank of America . It's nothing to do with technical analysis .
Who thinks we hit the 90 ' s one more time before ER ... two more times ?
You love giving you money away to a billionaire
Its fair value is 105 $ according to BMO financial metrics .
seems the raise of unemployment is leaving the market unfazed . This may be interesting in september .
But yesterday there was a TA post saying the right shoulder was forming .
$ 150 by earnings is almost certain now
NVDA is a meme stock unfortunately . Frustrating .
[ deleted ]
You ’ re so funny bro . Everyone is just saying this because nvda is up now from the bottom . A couple of weeks ago everyone said it could drop to 80 or lower and the current performance is not based on past performance . Now everyone is like yea this always happens before earnings and is volatile , then steadily goes up when it ’ s near earnings . The switch up is crazy in this sub .
How much you have bought for holding 10 years may i ask ?
I hope so because I just jumped on board at 107 . Will keep buying when I can as I plan to hold long term 10 + years .
Apple iPhone using Nvidia chips ?
We don't . But we do know ER is coming up in 2 weeks . Historically it only goes up until ER .
I'm being it drops to 104
That green candle was no joke
Kinda risky but your price entry is pretty safe
It won't matter if you are in it for the long haul .
Iran will never invade Israel . Take that to the bank .
Invade ? From 1,400 miles + straight line through iraq and Jordan away ? Or would you have them sail around and through the Suez Canal ?
Would you care to look at a map and tell me the logistics of how Iran invades Israel Absolute worst case scenario Hezbollah as Iran's proxy does that but I dont think Iran wants that level of smoke personally They recognize the consequences the US can and will deliver onto their strongest proxy force over what a palestinian dying ? Good luck .
I dont understand why you are getting downvoted . If a war starts , fear increases , more funds goes out of tech and into safer industries / weapons and ammo companies . Now what i think will happen is Iran prolonging the response as much as possible to keep Israel on the edge longer then they will strike back similarly to how they did back in April , maybe stronger strike this time in co-ordination with lebanon's hezbullah . The worrying part isn't what Iran will do , but if Israel wants to respond back . On the news they are reporting 15th of August as the day of the strike , not within 24 hours as you mentioned . Tho no one knows , it could be another lie to keep Israel again on the edge of its seat for longer .
Keep Copium alive I always like to say .
This is the way
What about NVDX ?
I will give praise if this is the end of the downtrend until 2 weeks after earnings . It has been a difficult month to say the least although I am up significantly as a long term holder .
Not
What ? Technicals just give you signals . In this particular case it's an all clear sign to jump back in . Duh
Oh i'm sure . Usually for about 45 days now when nasdaq dumps nvda dumped . not today . It may have been nvda dragging down nasdaq but today there was a clear break from that pack .
doubtful
Who ? What ? lol
All the technical analysis in the world won ’ t push Blackwell down because right now there is no other technology that comes anywhere close in an ultra hot market . AI is catching fire again !
I think it'll be in the mid - 130s by earnings , and then take off higher starting in September .
I hope you are right ! ! ! 🙏🏻
RemindMe ! 20 day
Only thing certain in life is death and taxes . Everything else is speculation
Except it ’ s not , fortunately .
Are you a bot ?
Would you tell me please what indicators are you looking at ?
Mean while I ’ ve just been holding since 2018 . Last few weeks drop is nothing compared to the downgrade a few years ago when crypto almost died . People said Nvidia was done . Haha .
Nah I just kept holding I admit though , I was getting a bit nervous when it broke through 100 😅
" everyone "
It did drop to the 80 ’ s
I bought 17 shares at 109 because that's the extra money I had at the time . I just got started with investing a few months ago . Man I wish I knew more about this when I was younger . My portfolio now is $ TSLA $ PLTR $ NVDA . I plan to hold all three long term 10 + years . Will keep adding once I have the extra money to do so .
No , but AI is going mainstream with “ Apple Intelligence ” ( which is reportedly being trained on Google TPUs , not Nvidia GPUs ) , and possibly some sort of integration with OpenIA ’ s ChatGPT ( which is trained on Nvidia ) .
Totally ! But are we heading back down to $ 90 or onwards to $ 120 🚀
Ikr already 30 % profit
91 is cheap . I'm still buying shares
It ’ s not copium when it ’ s literal common sense
Can also
I just think it's funny how you can look at the chart and come up with completely opposite TA conclusions .
Why do u think it will take off higher in September ?
That's right ! I remember riding the Nvidia crypto wave . Everyone was buying up their stuff to mine crypto and then wasn't there some legislation that passed that caused it to drop ? Didn't expect this AI wave next , after that massive downtrend . It's been a ride .
That ’ s the point . “ AI going mainstream … launch on 1.5 B Apple devices ” is misrepresenting . my 2 cents , 1 . Inference doesn ’ t need NVDA GPUs . 2 . iPhone announcement regarding AI is limited to iPhone 15 pro + ( limited devices ) , does not add up to 1.5 B devices . 3 . Apple AI has no direct correlation to NVDA demand & stock price movement . At best some 3rd order effect .
so a 15 % drop and then a 40 % gain . Yeah that makes sense .
Me too
lol a war is common sense ?
Because he said so and he controls the market
Because all of the guidance will be there !
You must be new to stocks so let me educate your peanut brain .. there was just a report that Iran may attack Israel in less than 24 hours . Things like that typically affect the stock market , but of course I don ’ t expect you to understand that at all
Damn straight ! I think I ’ ll have them tank tomorrow just for the fun of it .
lol they've been saying that for weeks and all we've seen is a drone light show . relax we're not going to war .
I can ’ t wait to come back to this post
The US is just itching for Iran to go back to be a normal country with a purpose . I dare them to attack Israel .
Pelosi > Cramer
If it ’ s worth owning at $ 107 it ’ s worth owning at $ 125 IMO .
Broken clock is right twice a day …
Now that is the only news on NVDA that worries me . Cramer is the kiss of death .
He's not wrong , though ...
He's always loved NVDA , haven't you heard about his dog ?
this could be one of the 10 % of times he is right ... possible recovery rally from next week will take Nvidia higher and ARM to $ 150 both before Nvidia earnings date . Both ARM and Nvidia are good combos .
Just hold and go workout or something
Nvda on the cover of Madden
I watched a youtube video a few hours ago where Cramer was having a fit back during the GFC . Love him or not I think he is better than a lot of people who talk about the markets . In the video he was having a fit because the Fed hadn't cut rates at that point and he was basically screaming the Fed screwed up . It didn't take long after that for him to be proven right . Now people just want meme everything and rarely circle back around to verify the meme is really correct . Cramer has been right about a lot of stuff and wrong about a lot of stuff . He can spend him time pointing out his win rate and defending his reputation or he can spend the time doing his show . He cant do both and still sleep . A better question is do you think NVDA is a good buy now or not ? Did you think it was a good buy a month ago or overpriced ? While we are on the subject what are you going to do when Cramer and Pelosi both indicate something is a buy ? Oh wait they just did and I'm sure you are aware of Pelosi's track record . She is buying NVDA and selling MSFT recently . Seen it posted multiple times over the past week or so . So either they are both right or they are both wrong on NVDA which makes one of those memes wrong .
Were fine earnings not to far away and it's going to be amazing
Every few days someone posts that Cramer likes NVDA and that's somehow the kiss of death . Guys , he's been touting this stock for FIFTEEN YEARS .
Fuck we are all going broke arent we
Don't panic everyone . We haven't received Cathy's support yet .
DAMN IT ! Nooo !
Only time I listen to Cramer is when he opines about NVDA … . ” Own , don ’ t trade NVDA ” .
Nvda will be 200 by next year just have patience
It was an honor playing with you guys
institutional money is getting out , you cannot get out without the pions staying in
He's right . Cause nvda will be $ 240 in 2 years ... mark my word
Why does he have to talk about it now ? 🤦 🤦‍♀ ️ 🤦‍♀ ️ 🙆🏿‍♀ ️ 🤦🏾‍♂ ️ 🤷🏽 🙇🏻‍♂ ️
Shoot
Wen banks r green , it gonna be a red day
He ’ s right btw
That explains it …
Cramer shut up … why after I buy he has to say these things
Although Fri was a down day , I like the way NVDA traded . Not a lot of sellers Tells me a near term bottom is close
Yep , now it ’ s going to 75
Can't be wrong when you're sitting in the middle of the fence .
The biggest problem with NVDA .. china wants Taiwan . It a matter weeks or months before the war starts , before the end of 2025 .
I ’ m more worried about recession removing overall capital out of the market marking NVDA ath an awful long time to touch again
I hope it goes under $ 100 since the charts are saying $ 97
Uh oh
Just wondering who to follow for better results these days - inverse Cramer or inverse Wood
Cramer … … is right ? !
Papa Buffett sold and left the market while you idiots picked up the dead cat bounce . Food luck
Exit liquidity
Fock
Buy , buy , buy !
do the OPPOSITE of what this clown says .
Just another clown spitting his game . I treat most stock newscasters as such .
Is Cramer the KOD ? The SJIM isn ’ t doing great … at least last I checked .
… the Oh no took a sec to sink in to 😏 .
Noooooo
That gap to 95 isn't just going to fill itself !
lol this guy is a jk
1929 confirmed
Sell sell sell / s
Y'all are screwed , wish you the best
Pelosi > Cramer > Cathie Wood
.. ohsht !
That ’ s good because I bought it at both 😂
I recently got in on NVDA . Got in at $ 133 & my lowest buy was $ 107 as I ’ m trying to DCA down . I ’ ll buy all the dips I can . I plan on holding for years
A broken clock whos been right on nvda for ummm 6 years now ..
I mean that is only 1/720 or 0.1389 % of the time .
Cramer talking about nvidia in November 2022 is why I started loading up . Give him some credit when due .
As long as Kathie woods is selling , they cancel each other out
The calm before the millionaires party ! Am I right boys ! ? Whooohooo !
I take Cramer about as seriously used fucking cars salesman .
Famous last words ?
im sorry but this is an ongoing joke right ? meaning whatever cramer calls , the stock will do the opposite ?
Nah ... We all know Nancy is buying in the shadows . 😈
short term calls are
Food luck you too too sir !
Pelosi > Reddit > Cramer > Cathie Wood
Me too lol !
This is the way . I am 2 years and more than 300 % up despite recent dips . As a new investor , it's shocking to have turned $ 800 to thousands in two years ngl .
Agreed , I was joking more than serious .
Everybody bust this guys balls but if you actually followed him you would be retired
still though ... you loaded up because of kramer . idk why i thought he just speaks into the wind . i guess there are those who listen to him .
My favorite last words are “ there ’ s no way this goes tits up ”
Maybe anything is possible but either way it goes ill still be OK financially because I diversify
Yes
Most good stonks go up . People are naive . Nvda will be $ 240 in a couple years . Just watch ...
I loaded up because I started looking into what he was saying and getting my own take on the company . Not just because he said to , but he made a case that was compelling to investigate . It turned out to be one of the best investments I ever made .
Well ... because Jim Cramer admits to manipulating the market . ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8DJlogbrDcA ) So sometimes it ’ s best to think twice about what he ’ s saying .
People shitting on Cramer are true shit traders
Mine is ' bankruptcy is officially off the table '
Every time I sweat the moves I have to remind myself that it ’ s not even 5 % of my portfolio
if you put your hard earned capital into companies solely on the commentary of people like cramer that's a shit investment . wonder how many gullibles lost their lunch listening to tv finance pundits because of the allure of a glowing tv presence .
" I am never gonna financially recover from this " is my favorite . Yes I get the sad irony for the poor employee that died ... But I like to say this when something insignificant happens . For instance , when I rip off more paper towels than I originally intended to . " I am never gonna financially recover from this ! "
Mine is " it will go back up "
yeah because it ’ s 95 %
lol people blindly shitting on Cramer should just worry about making money lol
lol what makes you think this arbitrary pattern you identified will repeat ?
* * Q2 2024 * * * NVDA 30 % pullback from $ 95 + ( $ 950 + pre split ) to $ 66 + ( $ 660 + pre split ) * Back then there was FUD on inflation respike and we may not get interest rate cut in 2024 * After 22 May Q1 2025 ER , NVDA pumped * * Q3 2024 * * * NVDA 28 % pullback from $ 140 to $ 100 * There is FUD on recession * After 28 Aug Q2 2025 ER , it may pump once again See the chart pattern there ? Nothing has change on NVDA fundamentals , CAPEX are increasing more than ever in AI . NVDA does not have any serious competition nor are there gonna be in at least 2 years . The next phase is autonomy and AI ( Self-driving , AI powered wearables , robotics , etc ) . Now is the best time to load up as NVDA will be here for a long time . If you think China is gonna invade Taiwan in the near term , I seriously doubt so . The China economy is not doing well , the last thing they want is a war . When China is ready to invade , the factories building would have been ready .
It ’ s the whole mega cap appetite . META pumped and AAPL pumped but took a little convincing . But AMZN and MSFT faltered despite good fundamentals . Hopefully the market will need someplace to put the money from the selloff and go back into mega caps . That ’ s my thinking .
RemindMe ! 3 months
Haven't you heard that there's a general fear of a recession ? Isn't it more realistic to assume the best case scenario in the short term is flatlining for a while ?
If the chart is correct , it would be awesome .
Your reasoning and basis for your guess is good .. hope it will happen and it will go back up to 130 after the Aug ER .
this will bounce but of course everyone thinks this will crash . Semis went down a lot . The correction is over and when it ’ s over and they go up many won ’ t accept it and think they will go down again . No . Revenue growth and profits are real and the market will get bigger
Keep coping
nice paint job bro
Bit of wishful thinking but I ’ m with you my man , although the higher highs and lower lows are further apart which makes me think the market is becoming more volatile or skeptical
I do think it ’ s silly to think this is the end all crash till NVDA reports . But I am also realistic enough that they go down we all go down . I still think now is good time to add .
Your crystal ball has the exact date ? I think there could be more downside potential , I guess we shall see .
until this sub is in top 0.001 % by size I'm not selling a single share
Every tech company has announced that they are increasing AI spending with chips being a main component . Nvidia pretty much has a monopoly on AI chips . It should be a no brainer that you should load up on Nvidia .
multiply that blue line slope with a - 1
Yes
Job market isnt looking great . Recession fear is strong . Nothing gonna get better till fed cuts rates . Blackwell delay is possibly somewhat priced in already .. someone already knew .
RemindMe ! 3 weeks
RemindMe ! 1 month
Probably a pretty close guess / bet
What if this is the beginning of the recession
loadin the truck 🚚
Horrific charting and technical analysis . This is more like hope and draw a line up .
Bought in when it was 107ish . Hope i dont end up like that Intel guy on grandma ’ s heritance . Fingers crossed we moon from here
What do you think the quarterly reports will look like
Another genius analyst on Reddit .
Ahahaha please
Lol
back then it was the marathon of AI hype , now its different
I'm pro NVDA / Bullish on the long run , but this is just drawing an upward line because you want it . I want it too but this is based on nothing but hope
This is going way down before stabilizing
[ removed ]
Best TA ever
Ohhh curves and lines on a chart , my favourite !
OP is dead on , second the market opens on Monday NVDA is going to rally back to 150 . I already bought my 3 week calls
Good luck
RemindMe ! 1 month
Lots of faith in the Plunge Protection team ?
Cute but meaningless emojis
Are these things called double tops ? I
blackwell has been delayed for a few months
This puppy going to $ 85
I do agree sir . I'm not sure about the timing , but apple sells iphones 🤮 , nvidia sells the FUTURE !
But is the continued growth warranted at this point ? It has always been fact that technology can be developed faster than it gets adopted by masses . And often the adoption isn't uniform due to lack of supporting infrastructure ( e . g . power generation for data centers ) .
😂 hopium
This aged like milk . The other guy said times - 1 is correct
This is not good TA in my opinion , support is much further down that has never been retested .
Very well predicted ! u / arcticfour
Didn't aged well
Watch it collapse on Monday 😭 😭 😭
> THIS IS YOUR CHANCE ! to lose more money
Looks like we still need to drop a bit to fill the gap between 94-99 - if it breaks 94 its over , if it bounces from this level projections look good
Nope . It ’ s going to 75
Why does this sub show up on my feed ? You guys are truly pathetic .
Lol
Winter is coming
Nope , market is going to sell off . BrkB selling 50 % AAPL stake , reddest month of August incoming , NVDA is going to crater with the rest of them . NVDA $ 70 by September
The Batman signal . GL . I ’ m not in as feel like I ’ ve missed the boat and I think TA is astrology for stocks but if I ’ m wrong you ’ ll be the one making money . So best of luck to ya !
You see that gap after May earnings ? That gap is gonna fill .
Because people always sell at max fear and buy at max greed . It will never change .
CAT EARS . very definitive TA
They're new to investing and think they've identified some kind of statistically significant prior by reading a history chart in a manner nearly identical to reading tea leaves . The only way these people will learn is when they inevitably lose a significant amount of money .
Big balls
This doesnt mean you should yolo otm options … buy stock
You buy Low sell High ... How difficult can it be ?
you also have to remember , at the end of the day a stock's performance isn't neccesarilly tied to a company's fundamentals , but literally how the public views it . I mean to this day , whenever GME spikes , AMC also spikes , just because they are paired in culture now . Heck when mark zuckerburg posted a vid of him wakeboarding with an American flag , the stock shot up the next day , even though Meta is lacking in innovation .
When economies aren't doing well is when war is most likely .
Except now Blackwell has been delayed by 3 months .
You guys are gonna jinx it .
Tell that to Ukraine , when Putin's Russia decided to declare full out war with zero consideration about its economic impact on Russia . For a brief period economy skydive due to sanctioned but now it recover and what's scarier it's due to domestic production increased , imagine if China does the same . Oh wait they will do the same once they finish building all their factories and rail lines .
Honestly AMZN earnings was not that bad , it is just market being irrational . Pelosi sold MSFT and bought more NVDA gives me stronger conviction .
I will be messaging you in 3 months on [ * * 2024-11- 03 06:38 : 07 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-11-03%2006:38:07%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1eitsc7/this_is_your_chance/lg9imj6/?context=3 ) [ * * 12 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1eitsc7%2Fthis_is_your_chance%2Flg9imj6%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-11-03%2006%3A38%3A07%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201eitsc7 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Right
But he drew lines on the chart ! ! He knows what hes doing ! ! 🤣 god the shills in this sub are so pathetic
If the chart is correct , we will see 150 in less than 2 weeks
A 30 % pullback is perfectly healthy . I will be more worried if it just keeps going up . Nevertheless I have some cash ready to DCA if it fills that gap at $ 95 . But Im not betting on it .
Baby it ’ s going to $ 200
true the correction is over , with 300k puts ITM and 30k calls ITM at friday expiration . fkn warren buffet over here
I agree . The thing is the outlook back in April is eerily the same as now . Back in April , there was fear of inflation respike and fed would keep rates elevated till 2025 . Now , there is fear of recession and fed is too late on cutting rates . But looking at strong GDP and tech ER remains strong led me to believe that market is overreacting and could be a rare opportunity to buy the dip . Also , TSM and AMD ER really serve as a hint of NVDA which I believe is gonna smash earnings and guidance .
I have the same fear
Any particular reason or are you just a contrarian ?
I want it .
Usually works out .
Buying time 🤑
Bloomberg editors often stir up controversy with their reports , and they should be held accountable . They frequently write news based on rumors . For instance , they previously used a comment made by Trump in June to negatively impact the stock market at a later date . This seems like market manipulation , and someone in DOJ should investigate this !
https://www.bloomberg.com/news/articles/2024-08-03/nvidia-s-new-ai-chip-delayed-due-to-design-flaws-information
Oh it ’ s going lower . Copium charts won ’ t save a broad market selloff
Damn bro . Are you doing alright ?
I'll eat your interior organs .
How you do you determine when it ’ s max fear or max greed
So by that logic every stock should go up forever . True regard
So don ’ t buy high and sell low ? I ’ ve been doing it all wrong
Bro ... you literally told a subreddit full of thousands of people who buy at max fear , to buy at max fear .
People are irrelevant . Wallstreet financial institutions sway price .
Wouldnt max greed be at the the top when it ’ s running up the most
all company valuations are muddled with options chain activity . the whole market is a bunch of parasites looking to 10x their $ 1 . true valuation is nearly impossible .
Bloomberg 8-2- 2024 A Nvidia spokesperson did not comment on the delay , Bloomberg said , but they did tell the Information service that “ production is on track to ramp " later this year . Microsoft , Google , Amazon Web Services and Meta representatives also refused to comment on the development , while a TSMC spokesperson did not respond to a request for comment
I bought shares not options . I can wait if my profits are delayed for 3 months .
Can you link to an article or other source about this ?
fake news .
Sauce ?
XJP is 10x smarter than Putin lol
Lol , they are out of money . Inflation raging 10-30 percent yy based on sector and 18 percent rates . Amazing economy
What's with this pelosi hype train ? She's just human and NVDA has strong fundamentals , she bought the stock for same reason as us lol
I know . That is why I said it would be awesome if it actually happens . Less likely that will happen though ( sorry NVDA fans ) .
I don ’ t think it will go below 100 .. this was the level that was tested the whole week !
I think the problem is the US job market , and that the fed didn ’ t cut rates again . People are realizing that the stock is overvalued as it has a lot of future rate cuts priced in : Initially , markets were pricing in multiple rate cuts for 2024 , but stronger economic data suggested a slower pace of cuts . This has led to higher short-term Treasury yields , which typically pressures stock prices ​
Yeah , hope you are right too … but it must first hit 130 Lol
I do not think the rally ends till earnings miss on NVDA . It could be this month . Doesn ’ t matter much to me . I am selling cc on my shares to cover some downside moves .
im a 50/50 gambler
dang
Anyone have that article not behind a paywall ?
/ u / itsjigglyjogo Their main game is overwatch . I ’ d be a grumpy asshole too if I had to play that dying game
Seems reasonable .
Max fear when strong tech oversold despite relatively good Mag 7 earnings and increasing CAPEX on AI , recession fears , VIX spiking , FUD news . Max greed when price shoots up like a green dildo , oh look NVDA surpass 3T market cap ! Keep buying !
Thats what I'm saying !
When you show up , then we know
Look ‘ greed and fear index ’ . CNN has one with a timeline
With the fear and greed index
Agree . Anyone who trade stock on TA is regard . TA for men is like horoscope for women
Pretty sure there are a lot of posts of ppl who bought at 130 +
Delays in chip delivery affect the AI hype , and that will drive down the stock price . Naive to think that a 3 month delay will offset the next ATH by 3 months .
https://www.pcguide.com/news/reports-suggest-nvidias-blackwell-gpus-are-now-also-delayed-due-to-design-flaws/
Don't worry about Chinese people . They have lived with nothing before , and they can probably survive any conditions better than us . My 16 year old lives inside his phone 📱 , how are we supposed to survive in a tough situation 😢
Shes in congress and her husband has ties with hedgies . She has more info than u and I will ever have .
She ’ s been more right than wrong with her decision . This , plus her political position makes people think she ’ s got some sort of insider knowledge
She has insider information and has been using it to trade consistently way higher than the s & p500
Tailing her = profits . She knows info way before we do , and a lot more . I usually hop on any trade she reveals and sell shortly after the run up . You could hold for a year and make more but I ’ m too impatient for that lmao
I hope your right . My account dies if it goes bellow 100
Powell stubbornly does not want to cut rates while the national debt approaching 35T .. the interest payment is gonna bite us in the ass .
https://www.pcguide.com/news/reports-suggest-nvidias-blackwell-gpus-are-now-also-delayed-due-to-design-flaws/
Hanshee goes from saving up for a home and asking in the personal finance thread a year ago how to balance a down payment and putting the rest in CDs and HYSA to becoming a degenerate stock gambler posting in a sub dedicated to a stock that is up 100 % already in a year .
Key point driving those stocks down is Wall Street not liking the extra capex spend they are allocating to ai , and guess who gets most of that money .
i mean you can also just go to the Fear and Greed indicator website ; oh crap , youre actually right kinda . its the highest fear I've seen in months , but I woundnt say max yet
It ’ s basically a story as old as time .
TLDR ; Using TA to predict future stock performance is basically impossible , but using TA to simply sell at 1-2 % profit , three times a week is very doable . youre absolutely insane . Literally a week into studying price action , I made 168 day one , lost 88 day two , made 531 two days in a row , then 561 the day after that , 1061 the day after , and then today I made 541 . Technical analysis isn't just one tool , but hundreds of tools ; saying you cant find one indicator that works best for you is like saying you cant find one book in a library to help you succeed in life . TA isnt for everyone , but I only use Pivot Point , and Super Trend and live by it today .
Don't let news and a little volatility manipulate you . You gonna get flush out on every pullback .
Isn ’ t the job of all governments is to improve the health and welfare of its people ? All I see is every government exploiting its people and reducing their quality of life for profiteering of the rich and political power for a few grasping at power .
Maybe she bought option calls that expire before earnings .
Does it make sense to start combatting debt as long as there is a war going on ?
I'm amazed at how many media orgs are just reposting this same article , written by a gal who " suddenly chose to leave the Boston Globe for a blog , " citing an " unknown person "
lol , according to the top list of meme stock , every stock nowadays is memestock . NVDA of course is top 1 . Fuck TA , EA emotion analysis is the way to go these days .
what ’ s this website ? ?
Or , crazy idea , just hold S & P long term , and beats all your non-sense day trading TA . Sure , your TA works for few days , few weeks , but over long term , the risk of losing money is * * way * * higher . So you're saying to me that you can make 1 % 3 times every week with TA ? ? ? Thats a regard statement there bro ... even if you return 1 % a week on TA , thats 67 % a year , and you're telling me it's doable to do 67 % every year ? ? ? You're not the first one to discover TA and day trading . Sometimes you make nice little profit , but long term , holding good companies & indexes outperform your little day trading 10/10 . Lets say I hold S & P500 , and you do your TA for 10 years , I will definitely beat you , and the best part is , I don't have to read no arbitrary lines on charts lol .
[ deleted ]
The dishonesty blows my mind . For 2 weeks all the big name analysts were revving up all the small investors with their gigantic changes in price targets then they sold all tech and rotated to small cap . They had to know this plan was on the table when they were revving us up . Effectively stealing 25 % from small investors . Fake stories like this could take us to 95 or even 70 .
look it up , its very helpful , fear and greed index by CNN . updates every day
well lets just see how well i do by the end of the month . How do you do that reminder msg thing ? Oh also , I made a mistake , I agree TA is actually useless , sorry ! I'm thinking of Price Action , that has helped alot .
well you were right and i lost 9k today , annnnnd it wont let me sell
Also , that delay has not been verified . Let's see how the earnings call goes in a few weeks .
Statement from company this morning denying it
Legit thought you were trolling but I still looked it up .. just in case
! RemindMe 28 days
! Remindme 28 days
Phew . So hoping this is the bottom so we can start running up to the call on 8/ 28 .
Please stop buying short calls . It's a silly way to trade .
Sorry I was referring to the Earning Call . I don't go near options . Happy weekend
People act like 75 % profit margin is a bad thing too ... sure it's down 3 % but it's still more than double that of other tech giants like Microsoft and Google .
The stock got pumped and dumped by institutions . This is just a retail trap - hold and ride , they can't grief you forever
So buy calls now for 8 months . Locked and loaded .
Great commentary , right there with you ! I feel that the fact we ’ re in the 120s still is fantastic news , and proof that people understand that the growth is coming !
" Growth " is a mathematical expression . The same increase of 30B could be 100 % , or 10 % , BUT IT'S STILL A $ 30b INCREASE ! I swear , traders are some of the dumbest motherfuckers in the finance world .
It ’ s even more simple … “ Crushing ” the earnings report was already priced in . So just “ beating ” the earnings report corrects the price .
Just hold . Long term it ’ s a winner . I held Apple since 2009 . Let ’ s just say I did very well
That ’ s software margins on hardware , that ’ s market dominance statement . Launching a new product requires investments , so a 3 % drop is nothing .
It ’ s also that a lot of people on this subreddit are uneducated about how the market works , NVIDIA ’ s history , etc . I feel like a lot of people are dumping money in because somebody told them too , not because they believe in the company long term . Everyone wants to see short term pumps .
What is your Long term with NVDA ? Fantastic post by the way
too much navel gazing . Opex is the event to get through . Blackwell is totally within the guide , nothing substantial happened .
Blackwell was not delayed . How can you delay something that is already delayed ? The FACT that he is delivering it in Q4 like he said is a miracle honestly . And I quote from Jensen , " We will have billions and billions of dollars in blackwell revenue this year . " If that is a delay then perhaps you should go trade costco and coca-cola like the trading desk on CNBC likes to advocate for .
Thank you for the key points from yesterday ’ s ER and what we should look forward to in the next 12 months . I ’ m in NVDA for a long haul . I believe the stock will turn around in Sept .
Does it seem likely we at least retest $ 130 in the next month ?
Whatever . I just need to break even before 09/20 exp . lol
90 % of this sub are short term traders
Why are you telling me things I and almost everyone , already know ? Like a reminder ? Of course invidia is going to soar to the moon . wtf is this ?
Well summerized , thank you
There are only a handful of companies that will get pumped for no reason when the market is bored . This is one of them
The most sane post i have seen on here for a while I 100 % agree . It is not a bad company at all , people were simply expecting an insane overperformance . Although it best expectations , it was lower than what had been priced in
This entire sub and watching retail post ideas like this is strange to me .
Yeah yeah .
Sounds like AAPL in 2010
AMD is coming
I doubt the growth will be the same . Competition is coming , only the supreme companies actually need the higher end GPUs for AI ( like Google , who also use their own tech mind you ) etc Markets generally are priced a year or two ahead by market makers .. so they ’ ve already priced in the Blackwell stuff — heard of the saying buy the rumor sell the news ? Big money was busy buying the BW rumor year ( s ) ago Will Nvidia grow ? Ya .. will it be like the past few years ? Fk no .
I doubt the growth will be the same . Competition is coming , only the supreme companies actually need the higher end GPUs for AI ( like Google , who also use their own tech mind you ) etc Will Nvidia grow ? Ya .. will it be like the past few years ? Fk no .
In september there will be a recession ... a big bear is comming and the rate cuts will not be enough to keep the stock market bullish . When the stockmarket will crash , NVDA will go down with it ( even if it is a great company ) . These earnings were the last chance of an ATH for 1year + .
I still remember that days when the financial press said that Apple would have a hard time after $ 1 trillion market cap . They would not be able to grow too much larger than that .
It's like not everyone got in when it was 75 % under . Man , the entitled parrots blah blah it's grown a lot something or another . Is it a bot copy pasta or something ?
It's not a bad thing ... it's just that the stock is ( and I hate saying these cliches ) but " priced for perfection . " They also guided lower and they did miss on net revenue , so ... it's like an Usain Bolt running a 9.8 100 and people are saying , " That's great , what are you talking about ! " Well ... yeah , but he's run faster . We expect that same time or better every quarter now .
Its gynormous ! People try to justify the price movement any way they see fit .
this
I buy deep in the money calls 1-2 years out . Haven ’ t lost yet
Sell calls if we ain't going anywhere , week over week
YES ! ! ! It's still coming , that's why it's not tanking . A company like this , growth slowing as much as it did ... this is a good thing . Again , I don't want to sound like a Stark from GOT , but ... " Blackwell is coming ! " We now have a better idea of exactly when though ! LOL ...
No , it's not " STILL A $ 30b INCREASE ! " They didn't increase their revenues by 30B . But sure , then there's no rational reason for them to be more valuable of a company than Google that has over 80B in revenue and nearly 24B in Net Revenue or Amzn that has 605B in revenue generated the last 12 months . How the fuck can you NOT understand that it's GROWTH and its GROWTH prospects are the reason this company is worth TWICE as much as those two companies despite making a fuckload less ? I'm also not a trader , but what the fuck are you talking about ?
Not dumb , just driven completely by short term profit motive as their job .
Sure . Fair enough .
Yeah , I don't disagree you should hold it , but I think it's already had its big jump . Now you're just looking for solid returns . I've held from ' 20 and it's done better than I could have dreamed . Which is part of the point here . From 2020 to 2024 it's gone from 5.9 ( split obviously ) to \ ~ 120 . If you hold another 10 years , I think it could go to 360 . It's hard to look that far out and really get any realistic idea on what the demand will be ... which why I'm more focused on looking at 12-18 month time frames . I think you're going to see 180 in 6-9 months with Blackwell coming out . And at that point , just keep listening to the Mega Caps earnings and following the stock .
Well ... it's not nothing though as they missed on net revenue expectations . And they guided for lower margins .
Blackwell comes out and it hits a 5T market cap next year after Q2 ... maybe Q3 . Longer than that ? I don't know . How much do they make off their subscriptions , is capex really going to grow to 1T or 1.3 in 2030 ? I don't know , I've seen these 10T Market cap projections thrown out and they seem fantastical to me , but ... we'll see .
My long term with NVDA is 3-5 years because I ’ m now in my late 60 .
Rubin is coming in late 2025 and I expect to see margin growth again in that product line . If you go on Dan Ives numbers , the current cycle won ’ t hits its peak until Q3 of FY2027 .
Lmao
I don't know . I wouldn't bet on it or against in Sept of an election year ... I generally don't like short term price targets as the market is irrational . I think Q3 earnings is the next time you see a significant jump as they guide for Q4 . I thought it was interesting that nearly every firms price targets went UP after earnings . I think the burden of NVDA having to beat by 10 % has kinda been lifted after this . And shit , we're still at 120 . So maybe with the 50B stock buyback ( I think they're actually authorized to buy back 7.5 B before and now it's an additional 50B ) .
I would guess we trade roughly flat for a month or two and then start another run up into Q3 and see share price over 200 after their Q4 report with substantial Blackwell volume in the market .
Ok ... I don't know if that's true , but I'm sure 90 % of the sub ignored this .
Yeah , in so much as the Chips are " cyclical " now , this may be the " down cycle , " for NVDA . The next 2 Quarters . And then it's 4-6 Quarters of all gas , no break . By then , you're going to want to have a good amount of exposure to the hyperscalers and TSM as they're all going to benefit . I think AMZN is headed to 300 ( 12-18 months ) TSM 240 in that same time Google-I don't know , I dumped it because they may break it up , but that may actually be good for it . We'll see . META-I'll be honest , I own a few hundred shares . It's one of my smallest legitimate holdings , but I don't know what's up with them . That's a stock I bought because I was told to and I don't know what their margins or business looks like beyond the obvious .
Yeah , AMD is a nice business . It's not coming for NVDA . It just had a great Quarter and it's at 4.5 B . But that gives it a chance to 4-5- 6X where NVDA ... MIGHT 3X in the next 10 years . AVGO is the # 2 company in the AI space ( other than TSM ) IMO right now , but AMD is a good company . You think if they have 10 % share and there's going to be 300B in Data Centers next year , that's 30B for AMD . So yeah , I think they'll 2-3 X . But they're not a threat to NVDA at this point , but there's a lot of money being spent .
AMD is nowhere close to being competitive with Nvidia . Custom chips from AVGO and Marvel are the only real competition and won ’ t ever be made at a comparable scale
You say only the supreme companies need the chips , but that simply isn't true . The supreme companies are buying them up , setting them in data centers , and renting them out to others . Do you think Walmart isn't using them when they specifically mention AI that they have implemented ? Do you think maybe Walmart is using a cloud service from someone else and that other company has the chips ? The same is basically happening with a bunch of smaller companies . They dont have a huge IT dept nor do they have a data center . They rent a bunch of computing from the data centers and they hope that efficiency will help their bottom line . I agree the growth will slow down , but I doubt it will decline or slow down significantly for years . I do expect the margins will gradually shrink , but that margin can be cut in half and it would still be better than the margins for the vast majority of businesses in the world . The problem is that NVDA is a crowded trade and people who want in first have to pay the highest prices while everyone else waits in line . That is how it is and it isn't going to change until the fomo dies down a lot . I own NVDA stock and I trade options . I dca a tiny miniscule amount each day the market is open . I make good money on the option spreads I do because of the all the nuts who think the stock will go way up any day now . It wont . It will however go up rapidly on a day when people aren't expecting it . It will also plunge a few times when people dont expect it will . That is just how volatile stocks work . The volatility is part of the game . My view is that in 10 years the stock will be up a lot . I expect it will see multiple 20 % swings and those will be painful if you bought shares on the way up . So I buy dips and sell a little anytime the price spikes hard .
The worlds demand for compute at the lowest price / performance and TCO is just getting started . There ’ s no end to the cycle , you don ’ t hit ‘ peak GPU ’ . Hardware will be replaced and windowed down .
I agree . Growth will continue but at a much slower pace . NVDA is moderately-hyped at the moment . But who knows , It could get even more over-hyped leading to more runaway growth , but that can only last so long before the hype train dies down causing the stock to dip .
LOL ... no . They were not the last chance of an ATH for 1year + . That's absurd . There's no recession coming . The Bears have called now 90 of the last 2 Bear Markets , and 105 of the last 1 recession . Keep calling them . You'll be right sooner or later . NVDA isn't relying on interest rates , the hyperscalers will buy Blackwell irrespective . Q1 will be \ ~ 180 and my exit point ( or at least for 10-20 K shares . I'll bet good money if I went back , you were saying the crash was coming \ ~ 4 weeks ago .
In theory I could understand this point , for the time when it was made , but with inflation pushing up the price of everything , why is it any shock that stock market caps wouldn ’ t also get pushed up with inflation ? Eventually 10T will be the new 1T
So sick of that as well . Always comparing
I ’ m in for 140-150
so after blackwell we will get white walker ai xD
Nvidia is growing DC revenue by exactly $ 4b QoQ for many quarters since that's the obviously limit the supply chain can grow per quarter . Nvidia has done it again and will do so next quarter since they underguide on purpose . The pattern is obvious but everyone only focuses on % growth and doesn't understand what supply constraint actually means . At current rate , Nvidia will reach Google's $ 80b per quarter in 12 quarters or 3 years . But it will do way more profit than Google gets out of that revenue . It will also basically almost triple its ' revenue . This doesn't factor in Blackwell next year which can increase the supply chain increase QoQ from next year on since it uses CoWoS-L in addition to CoWoS-S .
I think we see over 300 by the time Rubin is shipping
That's around exactly when my cousin is targeting as well ( Tech investment consultant in silicon Valley ) . I'm not opening my trading tool again until 2026 .
Yes i get all that and a lot of the infrastructure is in place and the growth will happen but it won ’ t be as same rate as before because big money has been in for years now
Maybe I was saing it 4 weeks ago but I was still predicting it in september ... when the fed will cut rates . Look back on this post in octomber or november . I still have 50 % of my portfolio in NVDA but I will try to sell probably 50-75 % of all stocks in septamber . P . S : I do not have a cristal ball and no one does ... but this is just my educated guess .
TY I've been saying the same thing often
7.4 T market cap by ... 2026 ? That's ... ambitious and unlikely .
Yeah , as long we can get past the morons who honestly believe “ the future of AI products is on devices like the IPhone ” I think we ’ ll see the stock hitting around ~ 300 a share by end of 2026 . And I genuinely believe Nvidia can become a 10 trillion dollar company based on broad applications of AI in most sectors of the economy .
You can't write , " I don't have a cristal ball , " and then tell me about educated guesses .
I agree . My worry is in house development of chips by Nvidia's customers so they can become less reliant on them . However , I think we don't see that until we pass 2027 or beyond .
Why ? Cristal ball would imply that I know the future . It's a saying . I think it comes from the old fortune tellers that would fool people that they know the future and thay they can see it in a crystal ball . An educated guess simply means that I have taken into account some factors that , in the past , had a significant role .
Those custom chips are very task specific . Over time they may take some market share but Nvidia will also compete in the custom design space . The long term outlook on growth will shift to software products which have even higher margins and continuous cash flows . I don ’ t expect a major contraction , even after the current hyperscaler purchasing cycle is over . And worst case scenario , there ’ s always ASTS
Jesus ... it's a CRYSTAL ball . And I don't know what " factors " you're taking into account , but I'm also just not that interested . Sept is a bad month for stocks . If the BOJ would have come out a week earlier , July would have been the worst month in YEARS for the stock market . Also , I don't see a recession materially impacting NVDA , but ... I'm not sure what you're looking for here . What are the " factors , " you're looking at ?
That ’ s one grandma
Are you that 700k Intel guy's friend ?
* Cries in a corner with her 20 stocks *
That's 500k . Position or ban !
Any reason you didn ’ t buy when it was $ 95 a share 2 weeks ago ? Have your fundamentals changed in this company ? Is it FOMO ?
source : just trust me bro
I call BS
I ’ m waiting for the next dip to add .
Paper account during market close ?
It was at this moment , he knew ... he fucked up .
LETS GOOOOO !
Screenshot or ban
That ’ s a ballsy move buying 5000 shares . I would be sweating .
Hey I sold some so it ’ s going to go up . ☺ ️ you ’ re welcome
Little late to the party , have a beer
Anyone trade NVDU ?
Nice 👍 gl
Great work ! Keep it up !
How did you accumulate that much money ?
And here I am with my 16 shares . 😂
What percent is that of ur total portfolio ?
let's hold hands together and fly to infinity 🤝 🤝 🤝
if that kid bought nvda instead of intc he would be up up
Wish you AND us best of luck ! God speed !
🐋
LFG .. going to the beach this week to watch the $ printer
600k + Baller
If you did that some week ago it would be alright i guess , but now ? Its up 34usd since the dip .
Good job dude 👍 👍 👍
Seems like a good bet to me . In my opinion , you will be up 20 % by EOY . Approximately $ 120k Holiday present to yourself .
Nice work ! ! !
By any chance , did you inherit it from a grandparent ? Maybe one who is female ?
Let ’ s see the betting slip .
Little late to the party bud
see you at $ 105 sept 14th
Whats the thesis behind this purchase ?
I just sold 10,000 shares so you ’ re picking up my trash …
At 120 ?
11000 shares $ 400 cost pre split
Dude , you must already have 1 million bucks .
fake
Now sell calls into earnings .
sure you did
Anyone who would buy 5000 of NVDA isn ’ t going to post it on Reddit
Should you bought after a month or so after the earnings release ? Where all the rumours of AI is a hype / Ciso crash is coming jump out of the bush ?
Hope you hedged for this week lol
🤷🏻‍♂ ️
i bought a billion shares
Show position or ban
No position posted ? “ Trust me bro ”
Prove it by connecting your your port to AfterHour : https://afterhour.app.link/race See details here : https://x.com/sir_jack_a_lot/status/1825210041500324228?s=46&t=FWY2TrREhvcO6RKI4npGdQ
lol I was wondering when a comment like this would drop haha
The Intel grandma kid is now legend
Just under one GIB , a grandma inheritance bet .
Lmaoooo this comment is sooooo good !
lol I sure hope not
Same
I have 1 stock 😊 😊 😊
10 stocks here ☠ ️
I have 60 . Well , you gotta start somewhere 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
You probably better off gambling on a variety of low cost stocks .
$ 625K
How do I add a screenshot to my page from my phone ?
Because the account I ’ m using for this was balls deep in a TQQQ margin call that I had to bail myself out of lol .
Actually the lowest was around $ 90
Okay u caught me I lied to make internet friends .
Late next week maybe … if there ’ s no dip then , I suspect it ’ ll be a little while before you get a chance .
Apparently Robin Hood has 24hr trading
Nah I can do 24hr trading with RH
Nah I chickened out and sold CC ’ s ATM expiring next Friday after earnings - $ 7 / share so it ’ s a $ 33,000 play in 2 weeks . Only way I “ lose ” is if the stock drops more than $ 7 / share by mid / late next week when I decide to unravel my position or ride it through earnings , depending on what I see .
lol thanks
I am lol
Mah man
It ’ s looking pretty good so far , but there ’ s plenty of time to go .
What ’ s that ?
Thank you sir !
I worked very hard in the auto industry starting from the bottom and now I own a franchised dealership .
Hey man gains are gains buddy ! We all start somewhere .
In terms of stock investments it ’ s around 20 % . I also keep some cash on the side for emergencies .
Good luck to you buddy !
I feel bad for that lad
Thx mate - seems to be going pretty well so far haha .
Haha I wish - the only thing I ’ ll inherit when my family members die is problems and debt .
I posted proof in another thread for all the unemployed people who want to call me a liar .
Profits profit my friend !
I won ’ t have it that long
Stock go up . Money go up . More money = good . Not more money = bad .
Well I suspect I ’ ll lock in a solid profit at the end of the month so I suppose a thank you is in order .
There about
lol I ’ m doing okay but unfortunately my goals are far larger than my portfolio allows for in its present state haha .
You caught me , I wanted to make friends online so I made this post .
I ’ m selling 5DTE CC ’ s at open lol
Never sell CC into earnings !
Thanks for your input , I think I speak for everyone in this thread when I say it provided a lot of value haha .
I ’ m selling Friday most likely
NVDA will drop to $ 20 in a year .
Nope I ’ m straight gambling here . Praying to the lord there ’ s a decent run up before earnings lol . If not … guess I ’ m kinda dumb haha
I hope they were after I bought mine lol
😂 😂 😂
Very comforting to know lol
CAN YOU ADOPT ME 🥺
I don't have money sir 😔
Math isn't my thing
You have the means to buy $ 620,000 worth of stock but don ’ t know how to take a screen shot on your phone 🤨
New post
You had a $ 72 stock on margin ? I call Bs but I am Hopeful and I hope you are a winner ! A rising tide floats all boats !
Lowest I saw ( and bought more at ) was $ 91.62
lol bro that is a lot of money , I hope to have that amount when I retire
I was kinda thinking the same .
Dip will be a month after earnings .
You have 625k on RH wtf I wouldn't trust that shit with 10k
Is there a way to watch the overnight on Robinhood without signing up for an account , do you know ?
Thanks for the assist
Only idiots still use RH .
Ah . My bad . Apologies and congratulations .
Can you teach me more about this ? I have 300k that I'd like to turn into 600k , like you . Thanks !
You ’ re welcome !
Hey so uh nvidia went up a lot today … . You made a nice profit and I helped you … would appreciate if you could donate a bit for college 😂
NVDA on steroids . The Fund seeks daily investment results , before fees and expenses , of 150 % of the daily performance of NVDA .
Love that story !
I don't . He was a cocky math major and said he didn't need the money .
At what strike ?
I did and I hate myself
yeah sweatheart , you just dropped $ 600k on a stock today when you could have bought it at 100 a few weeks ago . sure you did .
All of it ? That would be stupidity ... you should hold it for a while
RemindMe ! One year
We've had the run up , for it to set properly ( and I'm speaking from a 6 year position here ) we need to either smash through the 126 resistance , or drop under 118 before earnings . The latter will complete the IHS on the daily . In any case , if you're long you will be fine into earnings .
I know . That's why I gave the advise .
$ 125 . / Share
Having money doesn ’ t make the Reddit app less bad .
I believe I said “ how do I add a screenshot to my page from my phone ” Meaning I took a screenshot , but when I clicked “ edit ” it was no longer intuitive as it asked me to provide a link or something . But I ’ ll counter your statement with one of my own : You have the means to be a helpful person and answer a guys question , a question that results in the “ proof ” you so desperately desire , and yet you choose to be rude instead , why ? Have I done something to offend you ? Is there a reason you feel being rude online is a good use of your time ?
😆
Tbf I know of a couple rich boomers who buy 6 figure positions who can't really use a phone all that well . But then they arent on Reddit ...
Just because u poor doesn't mean u don't know how to screenshot
Uhh … . i mean I had thousands of shares , not just one lol .
Lowest was $ 90.69 on August 5th , bought at 93 . something bcs got scared it wouldnt go back down again , i kinda split my money , if it went lower to maybe 88 or 90 again i would buy 7 more stocks but it didnt , it might go back down there later this year or something .
https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/NVDA/history/
Move to Europe ?
Just do the same but say you bought 50,000 shares .
Just keep working hard - never give up - and you ’ ll get there and more .
What about directly after ?
The ui is nice though
I think you ’ d need an account still , but signing up for an account shouldn ’ t mess anything up for you . If you want I can probably DM you an invite code or something to make it easier for you .
https://robinhood.com/us/en/stocks/NVDA/
CNBC app gives after hours numbers ?
Lots of sites like CNBC show futures .
No problem buddy , enjoy :)
Never said I was smart !
All good buddy , but can you really get paper accounts with that much “ money ” in them ? I ’ d love to experiment with one if I could get 7 figures in it .
When earnings are coming the volatility of the stock typically shoots way up - this makes selling calls against your owned shares very profitable . Basically I can buy at $ 125 - sell calls for 2 weeks out ( just after earnings hits ) at a $ 125 strike price and those calls are worth $ 7 per share so if the stock closes above $ 125 on that Friday I sell all my shares at the agreed upon price of $ 125 / share ( even if the share price is $ 200 ) and my “ reward ” for that is $ 7 / share . Basically if NVDA closes at or above $ 125 next Friday I will have made $ 35,000 in 2 weeks with only 600k of capital . Doesn ’ t always work out this way but every once in a while there ’ s a gem like this stock that I wouldn ’ t mind owning long term if I had to . I can usually net about $ 100,000 a year from this one account in pure profits from doing these plays ( they don ’ t always work out lol ) . I also have several other accounts I use for various purposes as well so this is by no means all of my eggs - I do not recommend going all-in on any stock unless it ’ s GameStop in early 2021 lol .
lol thanks buddy
That ’ s interesting . Had I known about it I probably would have gone that route instead haha .
lol thanks . I had many , many 80-100 hour weeks over the years and it ’ s all finally starting to pay off . Couple more years and I ’ ll be able to retire if I want to ( but I won ’ t ) .
I was thinking 132 - any thoughts ?
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [ * * 2025-08- 19 03:35 : 29 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-08-19%2003:35:29%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1evqsp6/just_bought_5000_shares/litl307/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1evqsp6%2Fjust_bought_5000_shares%2Flitl307%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-08-19%2003%3A35%3A29%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201evqsp6 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Don ’ t worry I was being sarcastic . I have 102 @ $ 85 .
I ’ m planning to exit my position before earnings because 1 . I ’ m a chicken , and 2 . If I have to cover a margin call it ’ s going to force me to pay some capital gains taxes to do so lol .
I thought you were mocking me :(
They are probably just upset that you have the money to buy 5000 NVDA shares and they don't , lol
Your right . They ’ re being assholes .
[ deleted ]
I don ’ t have the means to be helpful nor do I desire to see proof . I wasn ’ t being rude you ’ re just being sensitive . Congratulations on your purchase
90.69 , nice . alright , I checked my account I got it at $ 91.69 pre-market .
You ’ re the best around , nothings ever gonna keep you down
My predictions : sell off will start 1-2 weeks after earnings . Bad news will slowly start to come out , massive sell off will commence , then sudden cliff fall then a dip . I predict the lowest is on early october .
following 🍿
Ummm .. sure , if you don't mind .. do I need to download the app , or can I just run it from my desktop ?
I think Webull starts you with $ 200k but you can jack it up to a milly .
Schwab Paper account can be set to any dollar amount you want . I experiment with calls with around $ 1m to learn :) . My main account is the typical buy and hold :)
What a great strategy , that is for companies that you know will beat earnings ... right ? NVDA almost always beats then rises for a few days afterwards . Your option expires the very next day , so its sure to rise . But any other stock isn't sure to beat earnings , at least from what I have gathered . Am I understanding this ?
will hit by wednesday
Oh so you won't see us on the other side :(
I really appreciate you saying it like that . I feel the same . It could be a sell the news event even if it has blow away results
I no mock . When using very limited funds , in my opinion it's best to find low cost stocks that you believe to have quality in and that quality will show at one point . The gain from a few stocks in Nvidia with a best case scenario which may or may not happen isn't worth it when you can get LOTS of stocks and put them in one thing you truly believe in or spread it out . Maybe I'm wrong .
Which I find odd since most actual rich people are typically idolized online … . yet if someone who ’ s doing well but no where near Jay Leno ’ s wealth pops up online everyone gets a pitch fork lol . Maybe next time I ’ ll just say I bought 50 shares of something instead lol .
That ’ s okay , my understanding is people who behave like that when they are anonymous are usually not living their best lives so while they get to say whatever they want here , once they put the keyboard down they go right back to their mountains of problems . At the end of the day , I think we all know who wakes up feeling better lol . I appreciate the acknowledgement though .
* you ’ re
Username checks out
Implying that I ’ m either an idiot who can ’ t use a smart phone or a liar ( one of those has to be true , based off of your statement ) certainly isn ’ t what I ’ d call being a decent human being but hey , it ’ s the internet - you be whoever you need to be on here in order to acquire some self worth . I ’ m glad I could help . Take care .
Double nice
Hmm that ’ s an interesting theory , where did you derive this from , or is it just a feeling you have ?
Do you think it ’ ll run up to earnings ?
I sent you a private message :)
That ’ s awesome - thanks for the tip I ’ m going to set one up tomorrow .
For me it ’ s about value . I will do these gambles ( and it is gambling ) on stocks I wouldn ’ t mind owning for a couple years if I ’ m an idiot and screw up lol .
Yeah better be post ER and just bet on a weak guidance , or that price is quite possibly getting assigned if he sells a weekly
lol sorry this is hopefully just a quick cash grab
But then I wanted to invested in a sure stock and upcoming stocks seems quite volatile :( I have some in tsm , SoundHound and serverobotics
So many redditors will find any excuse to bash moderate success . It's honestly kind of weird .
I liked your statement .
Username checks out
👍
From previous movements . Before , during and after earnings . Also from other nvda holders .
Well done my Man !
Just a bad week to start , after the run is all . Jackson Hole isn't until Friday . Markets aren't going to want to do much before . If you can handle that , its likely to be dovish into next week .
True that . The funny thing is … I ’ m still a pretty dang small fish in the scheme of things lol . I have a business partner who ’ s so wealthy if he dropped my entire net worth on the ground he might not bother to bend over and pick it up haha .
🤔 I ’ m trying to figure out how to play this properly while also mitigating risk …
" Truist adjusts price target on NVIDIA to $ 148 from $ 145 . " So what's the difference ? Not to disappoint , I hereby adjust my price target on NVIDIA to $ 200 from $ 197 .
I raised my price target from zoinks to skibiddy . That's assuming I don't zoink early and superdaddy my pants .
I ’ m raising my price target to $ 135 from idk
these little assholes need to stop making predictions , their predictions are useless they dont mean shit , no one knows whats going to happen , i recall so many investors that kept saying nvda will skyrocket during earnings and look what happened , they seriously dk wtf theyre talking about , like goddamn its unreal ffs
Where is Dieselcock ? What was his prediction ?
My broker is showing 44 analysts with an average price around 150 . Only 2 have targets below where we are now : one at 115 and one at 90 . The guy who has it at 90 has been a bear since we were 600 last year , so he clearly has no clue . Bottom line : add as much as you can under 120 .
So theres still a chance I can make a profit ?
KeyBanc is $ 180
Good post . . . Excellent synopsis of where NVDA is probably going .
Hmm I figured Morgan stanley would have gone up into the 160s ... other than that about what I had expected . Consequently Hans Mosesmann , who is an NVIDIA Bull and put Nvidia price target of 1100 more than a year ago when everyone else was at 500 or 600 , raised his price target to $ 200 for Nvidia . One other thing for those who haven't been at this a while , in price targets overweight is a good thing . It means analysts predict it to out perform its industry in the year ahead ... vs overweight or overbought in stock prices .
😂 Every one of us would be happy with this thing getting to $ 130
I wonder if these price targets are so these companies can pump and dump ? ...
It ’ s just so that institutions have hard numbers to set the Algos to when they want to sell off . You could see it the other day with Rklb and Asts . As soon as they were hitting their price targets there would be a massive dump
AMD price targets were pushed way up . Did fuck all for it .
It ’ ll go through more red before we reach those green pastures
Same shit happened like 4 quarters ago and NVDA dropped $ 200 bucks before finally rallying .
💎 🤝
To me all of this says #HLD . Maybe buy more next time it goes on sale . I don ’ t feel like it ’ s on sale now .
[ removed ]
Why is PE ratio still at 70 ?
Looks like the stock is recovering from the sell off . Was at 115 yesterday now it ’ s at 123
One has to wonder about these so-called analysts . 12 - month price targets when the stock was already sitting at 125ish ? How insightful of them to raise now . Why would anyone listen to someone quoting below 140 with Blackwell coming out in the 4th quarter ? I can't imagine being an investor at Deutsche Bank or Raymond James , maybe they are still using paper and pencils to do their accounting .
all I see is a bunch of wishes that ’ s it . It ’ s literally doing exactly the opposite than those articles . Typically good earnings reports make the stock price jump but it ain ’ t doing anything but going down . No hype .
Difference is $ 3 bucks give or take .
just to reiterate their unchanged positive outlook on the stock .
The difference is near consensus sentiment things are going higher .
~ 70 Billion in market cap , so it's not nothing .
Rebel ...
My guess would be it gets reported on , so they want to be in the media which shows support for the stock and promoting their own narrative , so they move the PT very slightly to trigger the “ price target increase ” press .
Three fiddy any day now !
I love that superdaddy has stuck and proliferated
Wisdom of crowds is a proven concept . Though , in the case of stocks , I think it is more accurate suggesting direction rather than a price target . The average price target is $ 150 12 months out .
SMCI ... a company caught cooking the books for the second time in 5 years , that dropped 20 % yesterday ... And just delayed their mandatory 10 - K filling is UP 5 % ! ! ... NVDA is DOWN ... 4 % ...
Brother I hear you but these are predictions for stock holders with the long ball game . Not options game . Long ball share holder investment . NVDA will go up if you own shares juts need to be patient . I have faith in NVDA more then others
Live by the beta , die by the beta ...
you do know price targets are for a year out right ? A year ago the highest price target for NVDA was 1100 . Most were in the 600s or 700s . Price targets are notoriously conservative ... until they aren't but anyway . ,
Investors said it is the key to your statement . Most of the analysts said they would need a blowout quarter for it to take off . Numbers were good but not good compared to Nvda numbers . Last 2 were blowout and stock skyrockets . Also have to keep in mind there are now 25 billion shares outstanding . You have to separate the difference between investors and analysts . One thinks they know and the other gets paid to maybe know . Nvda is fine and will go up again .
They are not accountable for their PT ’ s . I can do the same , raise PT to 200 from 130 .. but it would mean nothing !
Cramer called " Nvidia a loser " and said he was " short the stock " 2 years ago when it was $ 14 a share ... look it up on youtube " cramer nvidia a loser " .
He's got a website you can go to . [ https://sam-weiss.com/ ] ( https://sam-weiss.com/ )
Pullback then take off .
He said $ 150 by end of year , maybe sooner .
Hans is # 4 in the ranks with 70 % success rate , loving this guy : [ Hans Mossesman ] ( https://www.tipranks.com/experts/analysts/hans-mosesmann )
Thank you , I was wondering what overweight rating meant . Now I don ’ t have to look it up . 👍
I mean , I just bought at 129 , but your not wrong
I think the sale may be tomorrow we could see movement next week people are going to sell before the long weekend .
Lol
Wait one month and reread your post . Then look at the stock price . Better yet , sell now . A lack of patience and foresight will cost you dearly .
Maybe , just maybe , people are actually investing long term . Maybe these projections are based on more than one variable as well . I know , crazy concept .
That seems like a good number to be at . Most of the time the stock beats the average target anyway . Do in 12 months if Nvda is trading $ 165 that is a win .
That actually seems reasonable to me .
Hindenburg is being investigated by the SEC for stock manipulation , and I think people are realizing that .
This is NVIDIA _stock , not WSB .
One year . Buy leaps
I don ’ t really follow too closely with the internet articles because at the end of the day Nvidia is still worth a shitload and they still make the best products but yeah just hold for the long it ’ s what I am doing . I see my post have - 2 karma and I ’ m just spitting facts . I get it ’ s an echo chamber here and probably people that have their savings in the stock alone .
You mean the same SEC that received a full detailed document on how Bernie Madoff earnings where mathematically impossible and did nothing ?
You're not spitting facts . Earnings is not this auto-jump in a stock's price . Saying there is no hype is just false . Just stay in your lane and don't comment on it if you are just going to overreact .
Well that was almost 20 years ago and there were a lot of shenanigans back then that led to todays regulations ... try getting a home loan today without SOLID financials . Also , Madoff was very well connected . He was chair of the Nasdaq and was instrumental in introducing electronic trading . He was a Wall Street icon , which made regulators look the other way . Kind of like how , if you are a former president and abscond with boxes and boxes of classified documents , you can walk free pending trial , whereas you and I would be " disappeared "
I ’ m not overreacting . I agree that not all earnings is an automatically up price but I am just going from the past with Nvidia . Cmon , you still think the hype did not die down compared to say when it was you know … $ 400 a stock and raising to $ 1,000 ? You ’ re wild to say I ’ m incorrect . I ’ m being 100 % genuine . I own Nvidia stock myself , and never selling . I have diamond hands . But don ’ t lie straight to my face and say I ’ m wrong . Look at the history . There have been many big sells offs with Nvidia man . Now to sound not like a complete asshole , do I think the price will go up ? Yes , but so much slower than it did before . Yes , I do believe some of the hype did die down . The stock price isn ’ t moving like it was before and that ’ s facts .
The problems with SMCI are well known and I stopped being an investor on them 2 years ago when I did my own due diligence . Also many of the problems are listed in the well sourced and referenced Hindenburg report AND they have delayed their 10 - K . A very unusual move probably triggered by their auditors refusing to sign it . Why do you decide to ignore that and instead undermine the credibility of Hindenburg Research ? SEC normally does not publish info on who they are investigating . Can you provide a reference to demonstrate they are investigating Hindenburg Research ?
No hype because it doesn't increase in price by 250 % ? Holy shit .
Buddy , you keep saying no hype I said the hype is dying down . Stop changing my words .
Ok , time to stop talking to you , but before I go I will just put this : " all I see is a bunch of wishes that ’ s it . It ’ s literally doing exactly the opposite than those articles . Typically good earnings reports make the stock price jump but it ain ’ t doing anything but going down . * * No hype . " - * * You , 1 hour ago
Yeah I understand I wrote no hype but technically I didn ’ t mean it like that . We both grown folks , obviously it ’ s not completely dead . Just died down compared to when it going up like crazy . I mean at least agree with me that after the stock split the stock price has been pretty even man if anything . It ’ s been a couple months now ? ?
this news is GIGA BULLISH
Excerpts : > Schmidt said , in a video that was posted by Stanford this week and subsequently removed , that big technology companies are planning for increasingly large investments into [ Nvidia ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/quotes/NVDA/ ) - based artificial intelligence data centers , which could cost as much as $ 300 billion to build . > ... > I ’ m talking to the big companies , and the big companies are telling me they need $ 20 billion , $ 50 billion , $ 100 billion — very very hard ... > ... > If $ 300 billion is all going to Nvidia , you know what to do in the stock market , ” Schmidt said Off course we know what to do , Mr Schmidt . It might not be tomorrow or even next week , but we're headed to the moon , fellas !
You get a Lambo ! You get a Lambo ! We ’ re all getting Lambo !
I trust this guy knows what the hell he is talking about . To me , It seems crystal clear where we ’ re headed . Good luck out there . 🚀
Aug 2024 NVDA @ $ 160 - First to $ 4T Nov 2024 NVDA @ $ 200 Feb 2025 NVDA @ $ 240
Video is available on YouTube . Hour long if anyone is interested . Stanford and Eric Schmidt . Good insight into AI in general .
here you have a guy who really know what he is talking about and by not some Wallstreet off the street hot dog eating Analyst who has never actually seen or hooked up a GPU in their PC . looking at 125 by end of day tomorrow ; 140 by end of next week and 150 before earnings day ... no financial advice here .
He also invested 100 million in his girlfriend's startup though
He is a bit pompous but I still believe him
Just for the record , I don't trust any of these guys to be on the level . Call me crazy ...
This is how insider information becomes public domain . Did you see the note that Stanford removed the video ? Probably because Schmidt , a well-known attention hound to rival Trump , was probably sharing information that he shouldn't have had in the first place . I literally just yesterday completed the insider trading training that I have to do every year for my employer , and this really seems sketchy . Note : I'm not disagreeing with what he said though . But I trust Nancy more this this asshole .
As an intern at Bell Labs , Schmidt in 1975 was co-author of Lex , a software program to generate lexical analysers for the Unix computer operating system . From 1997 to 2001 , he was chief executive officer ( CEO ) of Novell . Schmidt has served on various other boards in academia and industry , including the boards of trustees for Carnegie Mellon University , Apple , Princeton University , and the Mayo Clinic . He also owns a minority stake in the Washington Commanders of the National Football League ( NFL ) . In 2008 , during his tenure as Google ’ s chairman , Schmidt campaigned for Barack Obama , and subsequently became a member of Obama ’ s President ’ s Council of Advisors on Science and Technology . In the meantime , Schmidt had left Google , and founded philanthropic venture Schmidt Futures , in 2017 . Under his tenure , Schmidt Futures provided the compensation for two science-office employees in the Office of Science and Technology Policy . In October 2021 , Schmidt founded the Special Competitive Studies Project ( SCSP ) and has since served as its chairman .
I believe this is a quote from a talk he gave back in April
Of course :)
DAYMMMNNNNNN LOL Let's GOOOOO
Also Peter Thiel suppprted the Nvidia here : https://www.youtube.com/live/B3ZXrTzskw0?si=ixo7TBeaw44bTkYY
Yeah I thought this was a very good sign . Schmidt is very tired into everyone working on AI . Also Google you probably shows the most promise as competion and Eric Schmidt still thinks Nvidia will be dominant for a while
NVDA to 200 ! !
#ALL-IN NVDL BABY
Insider trading investigation coming in the way of Mr Schmidt ... Would not be the first time ... " What Did Eric Schmidt Know About Apple ( And When ) ? " - [ https://www.cbsnews.com/news/what-did-eric-schmidt-know-about-apple-and-when/ ] ( https://www.cbsnews.com/news/what-did-eric-schmidt-know-about-apple-and-when/ )
He actually had the originally video taken down , I believe bc he doesn't want to be seen as a stock picker or picking a winner in the industry where he's working with alot of the companies in the field ( AI )
Monterey car week ... pick and choose event
Dude is a Manager ... Hired to manage HR at Google by the two guys who tried to sell Google for $ 1 million dollars , and then at a discount of 750 thousand dollars . He spent his time there banging secretaries . NVDA is a great investment but not because of what he says ...
If you really believe this , then you could 10x your net worth with call options .
looking at 125 by end of day tomorrow ; 140 by end of next week and 150 before earnings day ... no financial advice here .
I ’ m guessing non of these will be true .
Can you please provide the link ?
Also Dan Ives ( analyst who watches NVDA like a hawk ) recently said NVDA earnings going to be another “ mic drop ” moment . I ’ m really looking forward to earnings . I think we ’ re mooning on 8/ 29 . 🚀
I think there he had other " interests " in mind . Lol
Crazy
He invested 100 million in his girlfriend's startup in 2023
$ 300 \ *
[ deleted ]
That's his problem . I've got the lunar landscape on my mind .
We will meet at the Bar of the Hotel de Paris in Monte-Carlo ... The password is Denny's .
Yeah , sure , he ’ s a nobody . You ’ re either in denial , or in a short position , or both , if you are trying to say this guy isn ’ t having conversations at the highest levels and understanding the spend that is coming to Nvidia .
Yes but since then he is an AI investor and also knows many of the top people working on AI personally .
I have and I am very green
I've been saying these targets since Jan 2024 I nailed it on the split as well I even called it on the 10 for 1
105 then 96
RemindMe ! two weeks
Big oof
agree ... let's hope we see $ 175 after earnings by end of September
Leveraged . Double both ways . The catch is decay and fee .
He is pumping the stock , so I am going to assume he has a bullish position . So also 95 % of this sub ... He did not say anything that was not already known . Even if his prediction is correct , that is not what will determine NVDA after earnings . Also not revenue beat that I am sure they will do . Something else will . I could tell you but as you seem such an expert you already know ...
One of the world's richest manwhores . Even has a sweet deal with the wife : [ https://nypost.com/2024/05/21/us-news/eric-schmidt-on-outs-with-michelle-ritter-seen-with-wife/ ] ( https://nypost.com/2024/05/21/us-news/eric-schmidt-on-outs-with-michelle-ritter-seen-with-wife/ ) Given the deal he brokered for his own HW , Imagine the kinds of deals he can work with everyone else's ...
He clearly is an investor in NVDA , since it's trying to pump the stock ...
below are my numbers I had posted back in February with approximate dates of expectations : Wednesday , Feb 28 - $ 803 Thursday , Feb 29 - $ 808 Friday , Mar 1 - $ 814 Monday , Mar 4 - $ 829 March 15 - $ 885 April 15 - $ 1,042 May 15 - $ 1,194 June 15 - $ 1,352 July 15 - $ 1,448 August 15 - $ 1,489 off by 26 bucks with today's closing ...
[ removed ]
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [ * * 2024-08- 29 21:32 : 47 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-29%2021:32:47%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1et3m0u/exgoogle_ceo_eric_schmidt_sees_nvidia_as_big_ai/lib27b7/?context=3 ) [ * * 5 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1et3m0u%2Fexgoogle_ceo_eric_schmidt_sees_nvidia_as_big_ai%2Flib27b7%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-29%2021%3A32%3A47%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201et3m0u ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
I understand the fee part . But isn't decay only for options ?
The guy is already worth $ 24B . You really think he is only saying this to make extra money to pile on top of that ? I disagree that he is doing it just to pump it for personal reasons . I think he just sees what is happening by talking to his connections and calling it out , nothing more . Sure some of us already assumed this info was correct . His comments confirming it are very bullish for the stock imo .
I think he likely is an investor which is why he probably had it taken down , bc he doesn't want to pump the stock and get in trouble . I don't think pumping something the size of Nvidia is something anyone can do besides short term and he doesn't care about short term . Earnings will be what moves it long term .
Great job . How did you get these numbers ? What are your numbers for Dec 2024 & Jan 2025 ?
lets see what happens in 2 weeks 🤷🏽‍♂ ️
" I am too rich to be dishonest " ... and ... " I have so much money I don't need to commit any crimes " is an argument that has been proven wrong many times ...
Earnings will not move the stock because they always beat . What will move the stock will be the expected raise in earnings expectations as a percentage surprise . And that percentage from my analysis is decreasing for the last four quarters .
thank you
I eats a box of Jamaican oxtail and rice and peas
I'm not talking about the day after earnings . I mean in general long-term the price will be higher or lower based on earnings , Not somebody hyping it up . It's not a penny stock .
Bold of you to think the ppl in this sub actually know anything about finance
Reasonable takes ? GTFO ! I wanted blood and fury and panic !
AVGO better do their part and kill earnings ..
Great analysis !
But buy buy ! 118 already in play
People in this sub literally don ’ t read earnings reports . They just ask other people for their opinions .
I think today will end up being one of the many " irrational overreactions " we have been seeing lately , and we will probably be green tomorrow .
Nvidia is projecting lower profit margins in Q4 than in Q3 ? That is a question . Wouldn't the Blackwell chips , B100 , B200 , GB200 superchip , and a whole GB200 NVL 72 have pretty high profit margins , higher than Hopper ?
anything negative you say about NVDA , whether it be completely true with concrete facts to back up your statement , will be shot down and you will be shit on in this sub reddit . a bunch of kids on copium
What a good take , we ’ ll be back
Upgrades flying in .
GREAT post ... I said this in a thread I started , I thought they needed 31B but that the margins would drop . They became went from 44 % of TSMC's business to 52 % . They're growing , but you should listen to at least their top customers and their manufacturers ' earnings ... and then DEFINITELY listen to their earnings . I think this is proof NVDA ISN'T in a Bubble and that along with the good news about Blackwell , that really should have been good enough news . Short term , the number in your brokerage account may be smaller , but long term , it'll grow . Have patience .
Great analysis except for 1 thing can you please fix . Your point # 3 makes no sense . There was no dejay . Newsoutlets were leaking 6 month delays . There was a fix to the wafer print mechanism which was fixed and it was solely to improve yeild . No materially thing wrong with the fundamental chip .
OP : ... this report give me no pause Also OP : let me get on Reddit to pump up the sentiment . 🤣
Truth Take my up vote 😂
You are invoking the wrath of the dieselcock demon ...
And what about the bozos in the media ...
I know ... I can't have this ! MARKET MANIPULATION ! Blackwell isn't delayed ! Why isn't going to 160 after hours ! LOL ... it's growing , it's still an overwhelmingly dominant company ... it just had a tiny hiccup with Blackwell , it's growth slowed just a bit and ... it's going to hit 4T , 5T it's just not going to be this year .
I am eyeing up the dip in AVGO , it was $ 172 just a few days ago and now down to $ 151 . Still hardly any hype around them comparatively , but they have been going about their work really nicely , diversifying their business , and signing on some huge clients .
It could probably go lower than that again in 6 months . I ’ m saving up cash for a bigger dip . Bought some at 92 at the last dip .
From the summary of the call : * * Conference Call Summary * * : We had another record quarter . Customers are accelerating their purchases of Hopper and gearing up to adopt Blackwell . Next-generation models will require 10 to 20 times more compute to train with significantly more data . The trend is expected to continue . Blackwell production ramp is scheduled to begin in Q4 and continue into fiscal 2026 , and we expect to ship several billion dollars of Blackwell revenue in the fourth quarter . Hopper shipments are also expected to increase in the second half of the fiscal year as supply improves . Blackwell revenue will be additive to Hopper revenue , at least until Blackwell supply meets demand , which isn ’ t going to happen this year . With this , though , * we will see weaker margins in the fourth quarter * . For any new product ramp , costs are higher at the beginning , and even out over time . Keep in mind that Hopper is an older product that's still selling like hotcakes . And Yes I agree with you , this will only be an opportunity if the street is worried about this and when BW revenue starts rolling in , we will kick off another cycle .
redditors love to think they're always being attacked . I'm not fighting anything this guy is saying in this post , but it has 140 + upvotes , people arnt hating near as much as you think
Agree . The confusion and spin on the narrative was clear on the call when Jensen had to repeat and confirm multiple times that Blackwell wasn ’ t STARTING production in Q4 , but SHIPPING and there were be “ several billions in revenue ” directly from BW . Demand was unwavering . Beth Kendig and her team made the call months ago that Blackwell was well on the way . And Jensen confirmed that partners have now recieved functional boxes . It ’ s nuts . There ’ s so much info in the call . And my thesis for the end of the decade hasn ’ t changed . Just trying to get the clear info out there and help any newbies .
That's why delay is in quotations . And the rest is synonym .
I have made some decent $ $ on calls with them . They aren't sexy like NVDA but are a powerhouse in their own right .
" With this , though , we will see weaker margins in the fourth quarter . " Please don't spread misinformation . This sentence is not in the call .
Yeah ... Blackwell is coming . It's coming a LITTLE later than it was supposed to . That's really at the end of the day , the difference between 150-160 end of this year ( as in 2024 , not Fiscal ) and what I think will be \ ~ 130 - ish going into the last quarter of earnings ( though ... I'm done predicting short term price targets , I still feel good about the long term ) . 50B stock buy backs also though ? What's that tell you about NVDA ?
This was a delay though . From last Earnings report ; > During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of [ Blackwell ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/nvidia-s-new-blackwell-gpus-expected-to-boost-future-revenues-analyst-forecasts-1033386341?utm_medium=referral&utm_source=yahoo.com ) will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html )
Exactly , a good workhorse kind of company and one that isn't 100 % reliant on AI ( although in the near future that will be their main share price driver ) .
Buyback expansion was my main target . It ’ ll come into focus sooner or later .
By the way , 2018 ? I had someone pushing me to get in-in 2016 . Finally got in in Jan at ' 20 . 1000 shares . Never dreamed of this . I think going through ' 22 and other ... uncertainties offers more clarity . This sucks . I was probably going to sell about 1/3 rd of my shares and invest in AVGO and a few other companies I like now , but , I won't sell at 115-120 . It's going to hit 180 next May ( I believe ... though I said no more PTs ! ) It's fine . When I added 1500 more last fall , I never thought it'd split 10-1 and get up to 1400 . I WOULD have been happy with \ ~ 900 right now and it could drop to \ ~ 100-110 in a worst-case scenario ( and I think it'll settle in the 120s ) .
You ’ re being too emotional and don ’ t understand the company ’ s financials or business . You ’ re just doing what everyone else is doing . That ’ s why you ’ re freaking out .
Take a deep breath . You are learning about your own risk tolerance right now and this will be valuable to your investing life . If the $ 4500 you invested was your rent money or college textbook money or something you need in the next 6 months , then obviously you now have learned not to put that type of money into a single stock or two . Either try to weather to break even or more , but understand if it ’ s short term you ’ re going to pay taxes on it . If the $ 4500 is not NEEDED for something for the next 6-12 months , stop looking at the damn price every day . You invested , hopefully , because you believe in the company and what they are doing . There ’ s a ton of volatility across the entire market this past few weeks . Investing , whether single stocks or index funds ( which based on your emotional state may have been a better move ) , should be a long term play . Like 5 yrs minimum . Buy and hold . If money is needed in the next 6-12 months , buy a CD or put in a HYSA . But the last 2-3 weeks , it doesn ’ t matter what you would have bought , there ’ s a good chance it would be down . Don ’ t watch the market every single day . It goes up . It goes down . But in general , over time , stocks rise .
Hey lil bro . You ’ re not dumb . You made a calculated decision that makes all sorts of sense when you bought in . The market has been rallying for months . Every tech company has been spending billions on it . Keep in mind , pretty much ALL of the top analysts and major banks still have the target value of NVDA at like 140-180 right now . So stop beating yourself up , you ’ re no worse than those big banks and analysts who are paid millions . That said , here ’ s the question : when you made your decisions , was it just for short term gains , or do you really believe in the stock long term ? And if the latter , has your mind changed about where it might be ? You ’ ll meet people who will say the price is going to go to $ 250 . You ’ ll meet people who will say it ’ ll plummet to $ 30 and never go back up again . Some will say AI is a fad . Others will say it ’ s the future . And some will say it ’ s the future , but the stock will crash anyway . No . One . Knows . If you sell now , you ’ ll have paid for a lesson . If not , you might hold for the future and it might turn out well for you . What ’ s important is that you keep learning and don ’ t give up . $ 4500 is a lot of money for you now . But one day it ’ ll be so little that you won ’ t even blink at it . Take what lessons you need to while you ’ re feeling bummed out and think deeply . But it ’ s not over yet , and is far from it . You ’ ll be fine in the long run .
i found a record of a stock purchase of mine from 30 years ago . stupid chump change , really . Like you , a couple thousand . It was 100 shares of some company I kinda liked back then . I sold the shares in 6 months for a tiny gain or something . The stock was AAPL . Those stupid 100 shares would be worth $ 3,000 , 000 now . nvidia isnt going away . Just forget about the stock , and revisit in 20 years .
I'm in 130k @120 you'll be alright
It will go up in a few months . You will break even and make money . It ’ s just pump and dumps and volatility . Market manipulation . It will release good news and start climbing .
Do you need the money right now ? Right now you are down on the trade but have no realized loss . You still own the stock . NVDA will probably have some rallies before earnings on Aug 28th . You can decide then if you want to sell before earnings but my guess is NVDA will be higher . And trust me selling and then watching NVDA soar will be painful too .
It ’ s pretty rare to buy the literal bottom . You got in before some bad events took place . Everyone , even those who are deep in the green , have “ lost ” money they could have had if they knew to sell at 140 . Again , it ’ s pretty rare to sell at the literal top . You best choice is to stop focusing on the day-to-day . Stocks can climb as fast as they drop when the market conditions are right .
Stop looking at it and and stop thinking about it . Check back in like 5 to 10 years . If that ’ s too much , then 6 to 12 months . But this is the reality of stocks . I remember when word of a deadly virus was spreading in China . My banker called me in for a meeting in February of 2020 . He offered two options , suspend and resume in a couple years or stay the course . I chose to stay the course and and yes , I saw my earnings go down to some ridiculous levels that made entertain doubt . But I stuck through it and it ’ s back up . To go down from 82K down to 45K now over 236K let me know I made the right decision . At one point during the pandemic , Facebook was at like 98 per share and now it ’ s over 400 . Just hang in there . You are in the best position because you have youth on your side .
Hold . But the dip . NVDA will rise again 🐦‍🔥
Set a goal on how many shares you want of each and just DCA . This is a sale for those who are prepared 😉
[ deleted ]
Broski , Breathe . I have been in your shoes . $ 4,500 is lot of money but the worst thing you can do is panic . I've been investing since I was 15 . My dad was a stock broker , I'm in my early 40s now . During the Covid recession , I lost $ 8,000 in a few months and got panicky about it even with 20 + years of watching the market . Since Covid I made a million dollars , lost a million . Made a million and lost half . I went from 185,000 -> 1,300 , 000 in 6 months . [ Bonkers ] thanks to NVDA shares and call options . I've now lost half of it . That sucks . But I'll get it back eventually . I made 145k in a day and my reaction was " what a great day " Lose " 80,000 " Well this blows ... You're right to be upset , but if you let your emotions dictate when you buy or sell you're going to hurt yourself . Breathe , hold and try to relax . If you can buy more and lower your average cost , do it .
I know it ’ s hard , but I can guarantee you everybody that has ever invested has gone through what you ’ re going through at one point or another . I was telling my young son to just buy stocks that you ’ re gonna hold for years . And just keep dollar cost averaging.Hang in there . Consider it a lesson and if it makes you feel better , I ’ m down a lot more than that ! lol
I knew when I started investing that I had to be the ruler of my emotions . I invested nearly all my money in income stocks . For the past two months I was getting healthy dividends and that if I did a sell right now , I might break even . However , I know that if my checking account suffers , I can sell and take a loss if necessary . All of the stocks I bought were much higher than they have been recently . But , knowing this , I told myself to take a deep breath and wait because although this is low now , this will change and I believe it will soon . I just wish I had more money to buy in right now when it is so low . I have invested what I can right now and what hurts is not being able to buy more now ! ! ! LOL I have NVDA and NVDY and wish I could buy more right now . I also have CONY and MSTY and would love to have QQQY . My desire is that when CONY hits the number of my average investment cost , I would like to sell and put the money into QQQY which offers a healthy dividend monthly as do the others . QQQY estimated dividend is usually 2.5026 per share . CONY Est . Dividend pays 1.006 right now but was paying a lot more . And , YBTC dividend is 2.0622 . Another fantasy of mine . One thing one must be aware of in these kinds of stocks is that when the market dips so much , dividends will be smaller . MSTY pays well also . I usually receive my dividends on the 8th of the month and they sit pending in my " history " a few days before they are paid . So far , nothing . This is what one has to be prepared for with volatile income stocks . BTW , I have noticed that J . P . Morgan stocks have been pretty stable . JEPY ( l . 6746 ) is also good in my opinion . You might want to read the article JEPI vs JEPY . There is good info on stocks everywhere . I believe these two are very good and relatively stable . But , you should * * always do your own research . * * [ https://www.thestreet.com/etffocus/high-yield-ideas/jepi-vs-jepy-does-latters-50-yield-make-it-better-option ] ( https://www.thestreet.com/etffocus/high-yield-ideas/jepi-vs-jepy-does-latters-50-yield-make-it-better-option ) BTW , I use Market Chameleon to find the estimated dividend amounts . They also have loads of info on each stock . Bottom line , I will be patient because I know the market will correct and my stocks will once again be in the green and doing well . Patience is the key for any investor . It is imperative . Knee jerk emotional reactions would only bring mistakes and unsettling thoughts . Just my experiences , and , one other thing , I love investing as it is exciting for me just as the current anticipation is . Also , I am new to investing but I had a mentor . I am not a professional trader or stock market employee . Don't take what someone tells you as gospel , check it out for yourself . Best of luck !
Will take prob a couple months - I would say avg down some more but if you think u have too much nvda selling like 10-30 % isnt the worst idea if u can have tax loss
If you need the money for an emergency fund , sell what you need to cover that . Everything else keep in there it hopes it goes back up . Or , just get out now , treat it as a lesson learned and move on with your life .
First , don't treat the stock market like gambling looking for an immediate return . Yes , some people do very well day trading and so on , but you're not at that level , or even trying to do that . Another thing is you need to start calculating what your intent is , and taxes . Short term cap gains are taxed as ordinary income . Consider how much the stock needs to go up for you to feel like it is worth it after paying cap gains taxes . You may decide it is not worth the risk if you are looking for short term gains . I'd c8nsider what your plan is . If you are looking to get 50 % gains in 6 months , good luck . 8f you want to let some money ride for at least a year , stop stressing every day .
Bro I wish I could have invested that much early on . When I was in high school I only invested $ 300 in nvda after selling my PlayStation . You know how much that 300 is worth now ? There is no low amount . Just takes time in the market . Don ’ t sweat it just forget it , come back in 10 years and enjoy
Remove emotion think long term 5-10 years you will look back and laugh
Unless you need the money just ignore short term price movement
bruh i dumped 3k when nvidia was at 125 to 135 . you know what i ’ m gonna do ? i ’ m going to not stress out and maybe not even look at the numbers cause i plan to hold
I put about $ 4500 in NVDA around 7 years ago . A few weeks ago it was worth around $ 140k . Be patient
Just hold onto it if you believe in the company , it ’ ll rise again … when ? who knows
Zoom out and look at the price there are millions of people who have bought at an “ ATH ” at one point .
Just wait kid
So you put money in that you can ’ t afford to loose . Don ’ t do that again , and keep what you got in .
Shoot . I ’ m 47 and you have more in stocks than me . 😂 I do have a sizable 401k though . Look , you ’ ve done the right thing , investing . And those are both solid choices . Let it ride for about 5 years and see where it ’ s at . If you play the long game you ’ ll be successful . If you have more you can invest here and there , start to diversify your portfolio a little .
Really shouldn ’ t invest in anything unless you ’ re willing to hold it for at least a decade . This thing is going to go for a wild ride in the coming years , but I would bet my left nut it ’ s up somewhere in the range of 1000 % in 10-15 years . That ’ s when I ’ ll sell , in the mean time , might buy a few shares when it dips like this .
Turn off your notifications and check back on 6 months . Play the long game .
How old is young and dumb ? I'm 50 and mostly just dumb . You will be okay . Dont sell . Dont let the hedgies steal your shares for cheap . Deep breaths and stop looking at it every minute .
My guy I put almost 7 figure into this stock and I am just chilling . You should too .
Delete your broker app , within 10y you will be x10
you have gots to take your emotions out of this . Right now because I went in too early on fake moves with NVDA Im down $ 40k but I made 5X of that amount when the market was on FIRE . Earnings is coming up and I believe there will be a mini surge this week because of all the pull backs . BE PATIENT and stay the course .
Pelosi's husband still has 10,000 shares of NVDIA they are riding out the storm because of Ai Government contracts coming in 2025 Blackwell Hubs for national security servers 😉
Just dont sell it thats it . Hold it for a while
tell me about it bro . i added 20 shares at 141.99 😂 just gonna ride the waves for the next 10 years and buy more as you guys keep panic selling 💪
Don ’ t invest with emotions . If you believe in your investment backed up with xyz ( company financial etc ) then nothing else would matter . Long term > short term . I don ’ t think the worse is over just yet ( for the whole market )
If you approach stocks with a " get rich quick " mentality ... you are gambling . No difference between short term trades and going to a casino . If you are buying and holding , then ditch the day trader OCD and forget about it . Who cares what the stock does today if you are holding for 40 years .
Listen to me and you will thank me 45 years from now . I am assuming you are in your early 20 ' s . Max out a Roth IRA and put $ 500 a month into it . Put it into VOO , Vanguard's S & P 500 ETF . You will make 10-12 % a year . Ignore it and don't trade at all . At retirement at 65 , you will have at least $ 4.5 million . The great part about that ? When you turn 65 , your Roth doesn't stop . It will generate $ 450,000 TAX FREE a year to live on , and you will have SS as well . I think you will be able To live on that . If you have access to a 401K , do that too . Then with any money left over , you can buy individual stocks . The downside is that you will have a beach house in Laguna Beach , and all kinds of babes will be knocking on your door wanting to have your baby . Yeah , you'll have to be that dirty old man . You will forget about the amount you lost by bailing on these stocks ( that will have exploded , btw in the 45 years since you sold them ) . You have the gold , which is youth and time
Don ’ t fret . I was leading a team in 2018 using CUDA big time on pattern recognition project , and decided to put my entire net worth on NVDA in late summer like around now but 6 years ago . Stock tanked and I felt really miserable when my entire portfolio halved in value in less than 6 months . I told myself to hold on since NVDA was still the leader in the GPU space , and my clients were deploying their products . Work got me busy and soon I forgot the pain . COVID hit and NVDA survived another dip . Looking back now , I ’ m glad I hang on , and even bought more along the years . Intel had a good run for decades , it is Nvidia ’ s time now .
I'm pretty new to trading , like I just started a couple weeks ago , so idk how accurate my advice is . I put about 2000 nvda + 2000 in other ETF , I brought NVDA when it " dip " at 119 , 115 , and 100 for a total average of 112 . I think you should weather the storm and Hold because of the NVDA earning report at the end of this month which there seem like a good chance they'll beat it , and even if you still have to sell it at a lost I think it can recovers enough that you can atleast minimized the lost . Sure with the way the market is going , and knowing my luck , it can go down even more but I have faith it will recovers . Then again take my advice advice with a pinch of salt cause I didn't sell when Nancy Pelosi pump so now I'm getting railed .
You trying to buy something right now ? What are you so anxious about ? Stop looking at it for a couple months .
It sounds like you placed a short term bet you ’ re regretting . You should have a long term mind set when investing . If drawbacks hurt you like this then picking single stocks isn ’ t for you and you should just invest in a low cost index fund . If you ’ re invested in NVDA for the long term , don ’ t sweat this moment , it ’ ll likely go up later this year or next .
Go to any well performing stock on the market and look at the 10 year trend line . Sometimes there ’ s major down times but then there ’ s an even larger up to follow it . Investing is a long term game . Stressing about the day to day market will give you grey hair fast
Patients forget about the money , totally work save your money . Try something different . Look at this position minimum in 12 to 15 years .
Take a vacation and stop following at rocks for 6 months . When you are back , you will see profit
[ deleted ]
Trust me , you investing more than me :) ! I am a rookie too
Whatever you do , just make sure you're not playing with money that you need to live .
Step 1 : tell yourself I dont need the money in a year or two Step 2 : Tell yourself Nvidia has very good fundamentals and future growth , hence , owning the stocks . Step 3 : don ’ t look at your account for 6 months . Just live your life . You will come back and be surprised .
Buddy Im in the same boat
Hey same here . I just dropped $ 2300 on nvda , $ 800 on appl , and $ 600 on amazon … I ’ m in the gutter rn . Speaking as a 20 yr old here
I have the same average , my friend and a lot more riding on it than you . Hang in there .
Bro , just uninstall your broker and focus on other things in life and check back in in a couple of years
If the stock drops more tomorrow after the jobless data . Just add some in the money leaps . I was looking at the 70C option for Jan 2026 .
Go for a walk . Delete your app . Come back September 1st
Hey man if it makes you feel any better . My average is $ 130.80 / share and I funneled $ 24k . I ’ m down like , a lot , and initially I was panicked but I knew that the company was really really good , and I understand stock is going to do stock things . Maybe once I break even , I ’ ll know better to diversify my portfolio . Don ’ t sell . Once you sell , you lock in on the losses .
As a retail investor it's almost always a bad idea to invest in single names . Unless you can afford a portfolio which is diverse enough to cope with catastrophic losses in one or more stocks ( and that starts at \ ~ 13 individual stocks from a variety of sectors ) it is too much like gambling . You will hear plenty of stories of people who " made a ton of $ $ $ " on specific stocks - that's often because people talk a LOT about their wins - but somehow never seem to boast about their losses . Try looking at investing small regular amounts each month into either index tracking or prespecified investing strategy ( Growth , Balanced , Defensive etc ) ETFs . ETF's don't give you the thrill of " playing the markets " - but you will get rich .
Forget about it ( you may say it's difficult , yes it is , but not impossible ) , get a job or something which gives you a positive cash flow , accumulate your experience in a certain field . And invest more when you have the money you don't use in a few years , and learn more about stock , about investing philosophy . Because the 4500 $ invest you made would not skyrocket into like a tons of money even with another boom in AI , or drop to nothing even in WW3 , you still have the shares . Make yourself comfortable with having it . It's now only certain numbers of shares .
Just hold . It will go back up . It might do it tomorrow or it might take a couple years . Don't ever invest money you can't afford to lose . Don't try to make a quick buck .
wait out the shit storm for at least 6 months . i promise it will be good .
Don ’ t sell chill out
Chill dude , hold it for longer term . I ’ m doing the same
Already good advices on here . But for the future , the conventional wisdom and only proven way to build wealth is by Dollar Cost Averaging into an index fund for decades . It's boring , it won't make rich next week , but it will make your rich by 40 if you stay on track . Obviously if you need that money soon , it would be wiser to bite the bullet and sell at a loss . Being invested means remaining exposed to risks , and no matter what people say on here , Nvidia still has room to plunge . It doesn't matter that it's a solid company if the whole market crashes like it does every 6 years on average . It also doesn't matter that it's a solid company if something specific happens to the company or sector ( like a scandal , a court case , a catastrophe , a freaking war in Asia , etc ... ) . Were not done with the turbulence in the market , Japan is experiencing difficulties and they're a major player on the world stage . Google is a monster and a judge just decided they're breaking the law . Google could be broken apart ( potentially ) . So anything can happen to a single company . What you did is a gamble . Even if it was calculated , it was a calculated gamble . Don't gamble more than you can lose , now and for the future . If you cannot lose what's left , maybe selling is a good idea . If you're gonna experience deep regret and tragedy because the price goes back up after you sold , maybe you should stay away from the stock market . Or as I said , invest long term with a set and forget approach and retire at 40 like a king in your mansion in Thailand .
I'm not gonna scold you , my man . I'm in my 30 ' s and consider myself a very good , advanced level stock investor now . You know how I got to where I am ? By making ( a lot ) of mistakes . If you're not the old fashioned " buy and hold forever " Warren Buffet fanboy , I think the only way you truly get good at investing in stocks is to get your hands dirty . Invest in real money , make mistakes , and feel the pain of doing things * wrongly * . But , this rides on my next statement ... I'd first ask yourself , * why * did you invest in these stocks ? Did you think you were gonna make a quick buck of NVDA or TSM ? Or are you seriously interested in being a stock investor ? It's a serious question . Did you just do this to make a quick couple buck , or are you in it to win it ? Do you want to make this a serious side hustle ? My portfolio is serious business . I wanna retire young and not kiss ass in life . If you did this just thinking you were gonna make a quick buck , the stock market isn't for you , period . So this tidbit of advice is for your future , if and whenever you decide to cash out . Moving forward ; you're asking about if you should sell now ? No . If you don't need the money for something very important right now , leave your investments the hell alone . You're emotional investing . If it makes you feel any better about the situation , I think you bought in at a great price ... I bought $ 15,000 worth of NVDA at around that $ 116 mark . I'm a very iron-clad investor . I don't look at my portfolio every day , especially when the markets red . I don't care about news , wars , Cramer , Trump , recessions , depressions , supply issues , government crap , etc . You know why ? Because the lot of it is propaganda that leads to emotional investing . And furthermore , everything I just talked about , it has * little-to-nothing * to do with how valuable a company actually is . I'm invested in NVDA because I know they are a behemoth of a tech company , with hardware that is * * literal years * * ahead of the competition . They're run by a tried-and-true CEO that built the company from dirt . I feel 100 % confident with investing in them . I invested in NVDA before it was cool . And you know what ? None of that makes them invincible . I could be wrong about all of this . But , that is part of the game . If I were to lose all of my money in NVDA , at least I knew I was doing it in something I believed in and an investment I made in good faith . Keep educating yourself and move forward . Decide what YOU want to do with the future of your stocks . If you are gonna play the game , learn the rules , and keep your emotions in check . And I saw your comment here , saying the stock market is gambling . * * The stock market is NOT gambling * * . It's only gambling if you play it that way . Doing what you did is gambling . People betting their whole life savings on speculative options is gambling . Trying to make a quick buck and buying a stock cause everyone else buys it is gambling . Understanding economics , how the market works , and investing in sound companies you believe in and know are good companies is not gambling .
Every " investor " has experienced what you are going through . Investing in investments they don't know about or buying stocks from recommendation from an influencer . The positive aspect of this experience are : 1 . You are young . Your DCF is long so your NV is not too bad . Think of yourself as an investment vehicle and focus on improving YOUR future cash flow ( income ) , which you have direct control over . 2 . If you are serious about creating future wealth don't gamble and look further than 5 years for your investment choices . If you believe in NVDIA and TSM , just hold forget about it . They are not pets.com or Enron ( although there are short seller on social media saying NVDIA is fudging their books )
I day trade every day and consider myself somewhat decent at it . I ’ m very good at reading charts and doing technical analysis . I made a technical decision to swing trade NVDA weeks ago on some 126 calls . At that time , NVDA was trading at 120-121 . So , even without my knowledge , it seemed like an easy , conservative swing . Well , I ’ m getting burned badly , too . It is what it is . I ’ ve averaged down , and now I ’ m just waiting it out . TLDR : Even experienced traders get burned . It happens . You can either sell and cut your losses or ride it out .
Never be emotional about investments . Secondly , ask yourself why you invested . If you were hoping for quick and easy money you probably learned a valuable lesson . If you are in for the long run just forget about the stock right now ( which is difficult , but if you can ‘ t keep cool you need to build up distance ) . Come back in a year and you ‘ ll probably laugh about the current price .
this is your lesson in patience . no good investor exists without it .
Good lesson in life I say . Every single person in here has " paid tuition fees " in our journey of investing . And we all come out wiser . Just hold bruh . These two companies are fine .
The only reason to buy a share in anything is you intend to own it for years or decades potentially . If you aren't ready to do that , don't buy them .
I put 5k in at 128 . First ever investment also - just heard some buzz in the media and looked at the chart . Boom . Kind of pissed off but I ’ m happy to hold the stock for a couple of decades .
Like you said , you ’ re young . Are you trying to retire this year ? Next year ? If not , then stick with it . It ’ s NVDA ! I put $ 15k in from 2020-2021 . It ’ s up over 1000 % in just 3-4 years . I bought 50 more shares last week around $ 108-110 , and I ’ m trying to come up with some cash to buy more under $ 100 . It ’ s gonna have its ups and downs , and it can be scary , but hang onto this for 10-20 years and you ’ re gonna be stoked !
as a young kid you should invest the money and let it sit for years , dont touch it , trust me . Put into sp500 or good companies you think are strong and let it sit for retirement . You will thank yourselft for that .
You haven't lost ( or gained ) anything until you sell . Lots of people here , me included are seeing large swings in their portfolios . Do you sense any panic ? No , because as others have said , NVDA is good for the long term . All this talk of it crashing - no , it's back to where it was 3 months ago . Pull up a 25 year chart of NVDA share price . There was a quick spike to $ 150 or so , the chances are that it'll recover all of this , and a lot more besides . It's your money . In my case , not only am I not selling , I'm about to buy more . Dips are great for that . In the meantime , just relax !
My advice is if you don ’ t need the money right now , and losing a portion of it in the near future might not hurt you - hold what you already have .. otherwise make a wise decision , I don ’ t see this stock pulling to 200 anytime soon ( maybe in a year or more ) , I talked to a high school friend of mine who actively work for Nvidia and he told me amazing things about what the company is doing , but still those things don ’ t always directly affect stock price
" I ’ m a young dumb kid with a little extra money " - Dont worry , there are a lot of others like you in this sub who can relate
You are in better situation than me then I bought a lot for 130 $ so you cannot worry about too much plus you are young you will make more money but next time think twice obviously the news and media has played everyone into investing into a company that has absolutely no technology that is better than anyone else Samsung Intel AMD or dozens of others making computer chips alas welcome to the world of humans they are greedy and dishonest and play the market . Next time if you have money you cannot afford to lose do not put it in stock market but in a money market where it will grow not as fast but you will have peace of mind
It will go up bro just delete your brokerage app for a while
If NVDA could reach $ 130 when it wasn ’ t at its full potential , it sure can reach $ 116 again with time . Source : Trust Me Bro
If you're emotional you will sell at the bottom . You shouldn't use money you can't afford to lose on a stock pick . Sell now if you can't handle it going down to $ 50 ( not saying it will ) or if need the money or force yourself not to look at your acct and hold for 5 years
Your average investment time is recommended to be 5 years and with volatile stock you need to be able to stomach 30-50 % moves .
My average is 113 or something . I added to it as it dropped . OP , your post is exactly why most retail trading and investing lose money . You are in a panic over a pullback , which is driven by a narrative that says AI is overhyped etc . If you understand AI , and understand Nvidia and their competitive advantage in this space , then there'd be no panic . At current prices , I'm considering going 50-80 % of my entire portfolio into Nvidia .
And when it starts to rise and even when you get break even , you will not sell , because OMG it is going up , after all I am a genius and then reddit will wait similar post some point in the future with margin or options . Same same but different , we all have get rich guick inside of us .
I spent $ 52k at 138 . That's a alot of money for me too . I'm down a lot . I'd already made a lot from NVDA before and I fell into fomo . It will go up eventually , but who knows when ? Praying for good earnings . Try to see the positive , money comes and goes , but next time you have it you will be armed with the knowledge and experience from this valuable lesson .
If you can . Wait it out
Retail piles at the top and freaks out at the bottom . Good time to buy ...
Next time just buy the S & P 500 . These chip companies were over hyped . It will probably go back up towards end of the year . That ’ s when you might consider minimizing your losses and sell if it comes close to your buy price . It was an over a 3T company , there ’ s no way it ’ s sustainable growing earnings to match the valuation .
For trading stocks you have to have long term mindset . I ’ m putting this money into the market and I do not need it for at least a year . Just don ’ t put it into Intel like Mr . 700k
If you need $ 1000 that bad , then you probably shouldn't be playing around with it . Be patient .
Calm down , the whole market is down , and if you loose it oh well it ’ s just money , you can make more of it
I would keep the money liquid and buy and sell items for profit cash . Build up the capital . I just bought and drove home a 2006 Toyota Prius for $ 500 and fixed it for 5 minutes of my time . Sold for $ 3800 then just bought more NVDA with profit and keep my flip money the same . . Took me one week . have about $ 125K in stocks since the pullback and keep 80K liquid as flip money . The week before I picked up a ARE camper shell for $ 1200 and sold it for $ 2300 . Been doing this for about 28 years now . Investing for 5 years . The good thing about flip money I've never lost or have to worry about it jumping around .
You aren't a day trader . Anything YOU or I put into stocks is an investment . Pick safe options , hold for a long time , never put into stocks cash you may need in the short term
Frankly we should all delete Reddit , delete all of our stock apps and then reinstall them all and check our stocks near the end of the year , we would be far happier in the end and a lot less stressed
My view is that you invested in two great companies . Hold ‘ em ! You did a good job . I suggest you consider making your next investments in broad market ETFs . Maybe step away from picking individual equities . It ’ s a smoother road and long term you will do very well .
If it makes you feel better , I ’ m 24 % down on the Nvda i ’ m not worried , but I ’ m disappointed if that represents a big block of stock . But I ’ m looking for six months to six years . Don ’ t panic learn have patience with the market
This stock is one of the few I ’ ve bought for generational wealth . If I needed the money now , I never would ’ ve purchased it . This stock is for my children some day . Please don ’ t invest in individual stocks until you have enough money / income to ride the ups and downs with a zen attitude .
It ’ s YOUR fault for dumping money into a company study you KNEW was volatile . If you can ’ t afford to lose the money or you can ’ t stomach watching it drop 10 % in a day , then you made a mistake buying NVDA . It really pisses me off when people buy this stock thinking it ’ s “ easy money . ” If you don ’ t believe in the company ’ s work , then don ’ t buy it . Very simple .
Wait 5 years and keep buying the dip
You are what we call a jeeter . Gets in late , cries he gonna sell on the first red day . The people who actually made a bag in NVDA held when it dropped from 400 back to 200 , and 700 back to 400
I'm holding 35 shares at 122 avg . Most of my stress came from being new to trading and treating it like gambling with money I needed while in between jobs . Luckily things worked out and I'm financially safe for now and have learned my lesson . Don't " play " with money you need . I also switched my thinking to " time in the market vs timing the market " and worked through my " gambling " issues . I'll be holding long , making small investments at a time from now on and keeping my investments to a small percentage of my net worth , while making my emergency fund and retirement my main priority . Stay strong bud . At this point I've gotten used to the volatility . You will too if you stick it out . Sell a few shares if you need to but we'll see green again soon . You'll break even before me so let me know how it feels when you get there , I'm right behind you :)
I'm down 25k from where we were . Just ride out the storm . That's how the market works . Buy the stocks and delete your app , stop looking at the ticker if you need to .
It ’ s not a “ hype train ” it ’ s a solid company . You said you were young - you ’ ve got time to let it grow . Your average isn ’ t even the 52 week high . My young friend , you are fine ! Don ’ t confuse this with companies that have no profits and very uncertain futures - those are risky as hell . Nvda and TSM rise on earnings , not only because a bunch of traders memed up a short squeeze Without TSM , we ’ d have a crisis chip shortage and no advanced chips . So where is that company going ? It ’ s vital and essential
The struggle is real my friend-the saying what ’ s up must come down . Unless u are looking to make quick cash ( my opinion ) I would leave all of it . Nvidia is a great company
HOLD lil bro . HOLD ! iv lost over 25 % on AMD but i aint selling
Many of us are in the same boat . Long on NVDA . Stay calm .
I ’ m an old man with lots of decisions behind me , some good , some bad . Over the years I bought shares in a lot of promising companies at or soon after their IPOs . Amazon , eBay , PayPal , Google … and then sold them for what I thought was a good profit at the time . That money is GONE . I mined Bitcoins when you could do it on a PC . Sold them for what I thought was a good profit . That money is GONE . I was stupid and never realized how valuable time is . How important it is to prioritize the future over immediate consumption . Imagine a young person scraping together whatever funds they don ’ t actually need for survival , putting it in a Roth IRA , buying shares in growing companies , and NOT SELLING . Just a few grand each year . Let the magic of time work on it without interference . I ’ m a little smarter now , but I no longer have that time on my side . But I also know if I could go back in time to give my younger self advice , he probably wouldn ’ t listen .
Don't beat yourself up bro . Just continue to believe in your thesis and convictions and why you bought in the first place . Those 2 blue chips will make you happy in the long run .
Looks like you ’ ve come to a good conclusion . I would have said to delete whatever broker app you are using and check it in 5 years
NVIDIA quarterly earnings are sometime the end of this month . The stock usually goes up if they did well and it's an open secret that they killed it this year . NVIDIA is a buy and hold , so check back after 5 years .
You should buy a lot more right now
we were all dumb kids once . just invest what you can afford to spare without affecting your basic necessities , sit back and let time and the company's management work for you . that's the beauty of long term investing
Close the app , don't look at it again for at minimum 6 mo . Trust me you made the right move . Don't even think about taking a dime of profit for at LEAST 10 years and keep adding to the bag if you can .
My take is this . Forget about this stock . If you could lock it up in a vault do that . In ten years this will most likley be 5x . Nothing is growing like this area and your 10 % downturn is a nothing burger . My 10k in Apple a decade ago was sold freaking out over little downturns .
Truth is nobody knows how long it'll be down , or how much farther it might go . Lots of people will guess , and some of those guesses will end up being closer than the others .
If you are going to invest in single stocks , the reality is it ’ s risky . Sometimes you buy the top . Maybe you did , maybe you didn ’ t . If you did , consider yourself buying some great knowledge , especially at your age . Use your wisdom , keep learning .
$ 116 avg ? Brother do you know earnings is coming in 3 weeks . NVDA will most likely test 120-130 range leading up to earnings and sky rocket past $ 140 ATH if AMD earnings are any indication . The party has just started . And guess what , when NVIDIA goes past $ 140 to $ 180 , it ’ ll probably fall back to the $ 140s and there will be some poor ole sap complaining about his $ 150 average , the name of the game
You should probably consider investing in less volatile stocks , index funds would be a good start .
amen , similar size investment at a 117 average . although I have taken profitsna couple times before re-investing
It'll be like this until Nvidia no longer exist . Stocks go up and down . Even if you wait 100 years , as long as the stock market still works the way it does , stocks will keep going up and down . Learn to deal with it or focus on low volatility choices . Don't ever plan to wait it out . That won't happen . Plus this is nothing compared to a market drop off 90 % , which are the best thing ever if you kept your cool and didn't manage your money stupidly so you can weather the years of global uncertainly .
lol wtf dude buys a stock a week ago and expects it to double ? You haven ’ t lost any money … until you sell … talk to us in 10 years .
Just hold till it pass $ 200 ez .
Learn not to buy into a bubble
Stocks are a 3-5 yr investment . Relax .
Buddy just leave it invested … . forever . If you don ’ t I want you to look at the prices of those stocks in 10 years . I bet you kick yourself in the ass .
Don ’ t invest money you can ’ t afford to lose in the short term :)
Diamond hands . Your losses aren't real unless you sell
I didn ’ t read any of the other comments . Since you ’ re so young , DO NOT worry . You have time to wait it out . It will come back up eventually and there will be another all time high . I ’ m turning 50 next month and I haven ’ t sold anything , I ’ ve actually bought more since it ’ s been down . September / October are usually down months for stocks . The best thing you can do is not pay attention to your balance until NVDA comes back up . Since this is making you so nervous , maybe invest in ETF ’ s instead - VOO , QQQM , SMH , etc , but I wouldn ’ t sell NVDA . You will learn more as you get older . I ’ ve been through a few crashes . The stock market always rebounds . And if by chance it doesn ’ t , we will have much bigger things to worry about .
The market can be a roller coaster some times … . Only time you get hurt is when you jump off ! Hang in there .
Fake news … . I was spending $ 5,000 every other weekend on blow and hookers when I was your age . And if you ’ re being serious , with markets so volatile , you better make sure your chastity belt is secure and prepare for the ride .
Stocks go up and stocks go down . Only play with money you won't need for the next five years . Nvda is a financially strong company with a near zero chance of going bankrupt any time soon . Hold or buy more to average down .
Don't buy bitcoin . That's an emotional roller coaster .
Forget you own it and take a look at it again on Christmas Eve 2025 and perhaps you'll see a present for yourself .
This is actually a great lesson for you . Losing is the only way for you to learn patience . Zoom out . It ’ ll be fine by end of year . But the lesson is don ’ t invest money if you ’ re not going to be ok with seeing the value go down . Because it will always at some point . Practice zen and just relax . You ’ ll be ok in time .
for the future , just by index funds until you have cash to gamble on individual stocks
If you have stocks , you are fine . Just leave them be and go do something else with your life . Don't be a pussy and sell . NVDA and TSM are good .
Dude , go easy on yourself ! You're not stupid ! You took a risk ( yes , investing in the stock market is a risky business ) that has not worked out so far . So you're either going to sell for a loss or take a long term view . Stocks go up and down . We're going through a down time . How long will it last ? It can go on for a while or be short-lived . Those who take a long term view tend to make money . At the end of the day , it's your call .
Set a sell limit for 116 if you really want to dip out , you only pay taxes on the money you made , not the amount you put in . This way if it randomly shoots up again , it'll automatically sell . Last Thursday the Fed had good news and Nvidia skyrocketed . Then the jobless data came out Friday and it nosedived . Then Japan on Monday . More jobless data is due out tomorrow morning at 8: 30 so that could be a good or bad thing .
Bro - earnings coming around the corner . You should be fine . Average down if you have to .
Are you day trading or INVESTING ? If the latter , just close the app and come back occasionally to DCA . That is all
You have good stocks . It ’ s gonna take a back seat for awhile . Start scrounging a few bucks to buy more to get your dollar cost averaging down . Keep doing this despite the vol and price drop . You have ample time and in the next few years you should be ok . For the rest up there in age they probably made their $ $ and unloaded as most just want to maintain their net worth . But you just hang in there . $ 4500 not gonna bankrupt you .
Lmao if you're a kid you shouldn't be doing any short-term investments . All your investments should be 5 + years .
STOP WATCHING THEN . THINK LONG TERM .
You're really better off in qqqm etf
[ removed ]
Nvdia is a sound business and will eventually go up . If you don ’ t need the money just hold .
You ’ re cooked lil bro 😭 😭
Whatever you do dont panic sell like a loser . This is a lesson on controlling your emotions which you need if you want to be in the market .
[ deleted ]
10 years or 20 years from now , you would be buying yourself a big thank you gift that you invested early
Keep dollar cost averaging down
if you're a trader you would have been out a long time ago . Investors do their research pick their holdings and then just let the river flow . Tech is still the best segment to be in . NVDA is a good company with a good product .. if I had another 5 or 50 G's I would be buying more of all the good quality Techs out there .. like Buffet did , took his Apples cash early and now he is looking for the sale prices that are out there now . Hang in there , it's just money . we have all been in your shoes . maybe as a beginner you would be better off starting with some ETFs ... and they're all dropping as well .. diversify !
it's a troll post , guys . Very entertainment through . Good job , OP !
Buy more , average down .
Sell it all once you break even and invest in a etf
Ignore it for a year
You need to do more research into the actual company and then you will be much more relaxed holding it long term . In fact now is a great time to buy more and lower your cost basis .
This is interstng . I just saw a reel with Warren Buffet saying if someone cant handle the ups and downs of a stock they should not invest in individual stocks and stick to an index . First question is are you in shares or options ? If shares ... just hold and don't look at your account until mid Nov . If by then NVDA is still at 100 i would be suprised . NVDA is a good company and should be fine going into 2025 . If options ... wait until earnings on 8/ 28 if your expiration has some time . Earnings could send it up a bit if they beat and guidance is good . If your expiration is looming then cut your losses and get out .
You will literally never break even
Post again when you reach 6 or 7 figures down , then we can have a chat about struggling .
You are not dumb , you are just young , ask yourself what is your strategy ? Are you a day trader or swing trader or an investor ? If you are an investor what is your vision ? 5 years ? 10 years or 20 years ? Most of people attend to this trade game and lose money because they don't know what they are doing . They just hope their stock go up fast and win a big game but it's not always happen like that . And if you want to be a day trader and swing trader , you gotta prepare for yourself alot of knowledge about how stock goes down and up and learn to read financial reports , learn to read candlestick chart to predict the movement and if you want to be an investor , don't panic , if you pick a good stock , it will eventually go up for years and remember , you don't lose if you don't sell .
look , stupid , its simple . you buy low and sell high . so , if you bought at 116 , then don't sell until it is at least 117 . how simple can it be ? ?
Also avoid margin on your position . Forced selling in these market sellouts , locks in the loss and doesn ’ t let you recover when the market moves up . Margin concentrates both the wins and losses
Awww the charges in sentiment when it doesn't go up and to the right ... If you believe in this company and it's price , then it's on sale
My man , if 116 to 90 bothers you , you , you shouldn't be invested in anything tech . I threw 8 shares of NVDA in an account ( 2018 ) as a surprise for myself down the road . Sent myself an email with the login / pass as a reminder with a 5 year delay . Absolutely forgot about it in the interim because life happens . Had a nice surprise waiting on me and didn't stress out about daily fluctuations . I'm not saying you should do that , but you should not concern yourself with daily fluctuations , especially if you don't have money to DCA in with them .
You've made a smart long-term decision . Don't worry about the daily ups and downs . Don't sell , unless you're desperate for some cash . Five years from now you look back at the smart choice you made .
Don't expect to make profit immediately . Stock goes up and down . Gotta have a plan .
the amount of sound advice and supportive words is fuckin crazy . It ’ s 2024 … on the internet … on Reddit … on a stock sub AND EVERYONE IS BEING SUPPORTIVE AND FRIENDLY ? ! ? Good on all of you , and good on the mods for cultivating a sub like this . 10 shares at 1051.10 ( bought pre split with free money from earnings gambles ) . Joining this sub cause yall give me hope
I invested about 9500 in NVDA in 2017 . Now , it's worth a fuckton of money , but it has been a fucking wild ride to get here ( and right now , I'm down over $ 100K from the ATH ) . It's mildly depressing to see my account dip between $ 5000 and $ 50000 in a single day when people are freaking out and panic selling . It's also a bit of a high to see it gain those types of amounts when earnings or other crazy shit happens . Bottom line is , you need to detach yourself from the ups and downs . If you panic sell , typically , one of two things will happen . 1 . You're up . but you're not technically long yet ( held over 1 year ) , so you create a taxable event . ( taxed at regular income rate , not capital gains rate ) 2 . You're not up , and panic selling makes the unrealized loss real . If it's a good company ( MSFT , APPL , AMZN , NVDA , etc ) , it will bounce back at some point . Your best bet ( again , if it's a good company ) is to buy more shares on the dip and DCA your price down .
Why would you sell the stock if it manages to break even ? In that logic prices would be rising and if you didn ’ t sell when your down why would you sell when you ’ ve waited that long for the stock to finally grow ? AI is the future calm down bro . Stop tweaking just because a bunch of idiots are day trading NVDA
You can end your struggles by not investing in the stock market . Sounds like you ’ ll end up with anxiety disorders or a heart attack . Your pick !
Haha FOMO lesson
My guy Simply hold imo
you should always expect to lose some money before gaining a lot
Hold that shit son .
116 is a good price for Nividia . You should at least be able to read graphene before you start investing . I learned it in like 5 minutes so there really isnt any excuse for it . Hold , sell when it breaks even and you feel uncomfortable or hold longer and sell with profit . If your nerves are weak or you think nivida will soon die , sell everything you have once you are even and stay away from the stock market . Overall Life lesson , learn then play . Never the other way around .
If you ’ re holding for 5 years why do you care what the price is today
College student , 25 , dropped 3000 at 126 brother Dont listen to the hate , im in for the long haul An expensive lesson but one Im willing to see through . Youre invested in the future and its a nest egg . Id ride it out
Bruh if losing $ 200 in stocks bothers you then you need to cash out and stay away .
If you think this is bad wait for an actual recession not a dip down to prices we saw a few months ago .
Hey - I ’ ve owned NVidia for a decade or more . I ’ ve seen it go to 350 and then to 130 . Felt like shit , but just keep holding on tight . Bought more . Then it took off , went to 1300 and then split 10:1 . A couple of points - with great companies , just hold them and think of this drop as a chance to buy designer merchandise on sale ! And plan to hold it for a long time . You ’ ll be fine . Start with a small amount and watch it grow to 6 or 7 figures .
Nvidia 60 double down at 60
Imo just keep holding nvidia , it ’ s bound to bounce back to 140 this year , earnings report is coming too . A 13 % loss in Nvidia isn ’ t too bad for now , perhaps even start dcaing or Just hold
1.stop looking at it everyday 2.turn off notifications 3 . come back later .
[ removed ]
We'll see $ 89 or less within the week , and God help us if / when Iran attacks Israel . We're on a thread here people ...
Think like a man . Strap on a set of balls and wait for the August 28 quarterly earnings report . You can't be emotionally involved in this . We are men and built differently . I'm sitting on 90 shares that I brought at $ 127.42 . Am I worried , hell no . In one month , you're going to look back at this and see a time that you wished you had brought the dip . Remember that we are men . We don't get emotional .
It ’ s going to go much lower
Agreed , I hate this subreddit . All these people who invest and have no idea just make posts freaking out every two seconds lol
Tell me I ’ m not crazy
Anyone understanding the company financials and the sector they are in would not ' Invest ' in nvda above 50 $
This means more than you realize .
Even if they put it into an ETF and they freak out about it or they need to withdraw it to live , it can still be a loss
Solid advice !
Whats CD ?
solid and respectable advice , my man ! OP , what he said . do not trip . in fact , if you have disposable money and TRULY believe in " insert your stock " , this is the best time to dbl down , should you choose to be risky ( I would diversify , however ) . Not all stocks infinitely go up , and some stocks never recover from the peak . At least to me , I think NVDA and TSMC has the potential to go more . I actually believe in their product , their historic leadership , and what they have done for the society . At least you did not invest in peloton , or follow some SPAC bullshit ( sorry if I am opening a can of worms here ) .
“ Risk tolerability “ LMAO
It ’ s this answer . Also when you get to even , don ’ t sell . Sell when you NEED the money or the company financials have changed and you don ’ t believe in the stock . For me selling is harder than buying .
“ Top analysts ” means also firms / people who hold a pile of stock they bought low and might post positive analysis to help pump the price
Thanks man , I think I ’ m going to hold my full amount for another month or two and if I haven ’ t broke even at least once by then I ’ m selling 80 % of my shares . I appreciate you for taking the time to help .
I'm genuinely curious , is it possible for Nvidia to do the same progress as Apple ( almost ) did for you ? I mean , considering todays market value , what are the chances of our investments valuing a lot more in 20 years ? We are talking astronomical numbers , arent we ?
Im sure it ’ s crazy to envision your life if you hadn ’ t sold . I hope you don ’ t think about it too often . Regret is a bitch . I ’ m still young and learning . Thanks for sharing your story old man .
You are implying to OP that NVDA will go up 1,000 x . To be a 3 quadrillion dollar company . Cmon dude This sub sometimes .
200k @134 ; - ; Definitely having my patience tested but I believe in the stock long term .
Yesssss . This is the way . I'm holding several $ 105 Dec 20th call options . Would love for this to hit $ 150 by the end of the year . Hoping for 2 good earnings ! To the moon ! 🚀
What do you do for work if you mind sharing ?
Can you whisper that into my ear every night while I fall asleep . It would be dope
[ deleted ]
I think I ’ ll hold for now . I don ’ t NEED the money . But I still see the stock market as intelligent gambling .
True shit
It's already soared like 10000 % . How much more can it fly realistically ? We need to invest in the next nvidia , the one that hasn't taken off yet
I ’ m one of those deep in green . I used to be “ 221 % ” up and now it ’ s “ only ” 168 % . Sometimes it does feel like a “ loss ” but I have to remind myself why I bought the stock in the first place .
Yes captain
Thanks for not beating me up . I ’ ll thank you in a couple years
Dude thank you for taking the time to write that . Lot of great advice !
Not a bad idea
I ’ m more afraid of regretting selling it honestly
True shit . I ’ m just too balls deep in this stock . I dropped 1,000 $ on nvda when it was at 135 $ and I ’ ve just been staring at that share average and I kept buying . Proud I got it all the way down to 116 $ but I ’ m still at a loss and have way more money in this stock than anticipated . It a lesson that I ’ m learning . It ’ s tough shit but I ’ ll be good , I trust that .
Thanks man
S / Right . Fucking . Now . lol
Thanks dad
Lesson learned . Thanks for the honesty
Wise words from someone calling themselves “ dumb . ” Thanks grandpa , I ’ ll take your advice !
My bad for calling you grandpa . It was uncalled for .
What ’ s your job
You a dealer ?
I put half of that when I am down about 40,000 don ’ t like it but that ’ s life . I ’ ll look back 2 to 4 years from now and be very happy .
No fucking way
Yezir
Jesus
Great words
Stuttering
Sup brother
I ’ ll hold if you hold . Deal 🤝 ?
Word
Deal
Great advice man . I ’ m planning on breaking even and putting most of the money into spy and voo
Best advice I ’ ve gotten so far
Thank you for taking the time to write that man . It means a lot . Good luck !
Glad to be a part of the family
I can ’ t trust you bro
I definitely learned a lesson
Someone should start a trend throughout this subreddit called “ delete the brokerage ” or something . I ’ m planning on doing the same once earnings come out .
I did research on several tech stocks before I bought nvda and tsm . They seemed like the best investment at the time with Blackwell and government shit with tsm . I was just confused when I bought and the next day it started tanking . Now I know it ’ s just market correction . Possibly manipulation but nobody knows for certain . Thanks for the words of wisdom !
I did do research and it wasn ’ t volatile when I bought it . At least to the degree it is now . I ’ m confident in the company .
That ’ s how I saw it when I was researching both companies . My logic was that nvda seems to be far ahead of its competitors in chips and ai so I decided to also buy the largest distributor of the semi conductors which are vital to nvda . Both go up , both go down , to an extent . Still figuring this shit out . Thanks for the advice man !
I ’ ll be fine . Very true though
Proud say I own $ 3 of bitcoin
Thanks papaw
Dude so many problems in people ’ s lives would be fixed if someone just told them to stop being a pussy . You literally helped me feel better just now by saying that . Thank you .
Or put ? … .
Or buy puts ?
I ’ m investing . Just hard to see a big loss right when I start out .
That ’ s the plan
Good point
Already got five hunnid init
* broiled *
What ’ s your go to motto . I need something to tell myself
Fair point
Word
My portfolio is fairly diversified . I forgot to mention that in the post . Decent amount of money in oneok kinder Morgan . I ’ ve made a 17 % gain on KMI and 21 % gain on oneok
Very entertaining , not trolling though
Nah dude , I ’ m happy with how much I got in . Just gonna let it sit . If you have fuck you money you should definitely keep buying !
Spy , voo , or vti ?
Very confident in the company . Literally years ahead of competitors .
Shares dawg . I like fast money , but not options type fast . Not yet at least . I don ’ t know shit .
Sell all and buy intel ?
Small fish in a big pond . I know dude .
Amen . I ’ m gonna hold for a year minimum
Great perspective on it !
Dope
I probably overreacted while writing that . 200 isn ’ t much to me and it doesn ’ t bother me as much as you think it does . Thanks for advice though !
Are you for serious or just trolling ?
I ain ’ t no pussy , I fuck them
Raw doggin my brain
You might not be actually crazy , but you are thinking irrationally . And hopefully that doesn't cause you to act irrationally . Markets make corrections , they go up long term , but they will have short term downs . We are in a down right now . Stay the course , don't trade anything and wait . Earnings come out in a few weeks .
You are too emotional bro . just let it grow and move on with your life . Come back after few years and harvest the fruit
I ’ m trying to buy more
You ’ re not crazy . If you can , just let it ride . It will come back and pay off . Hang in there !
Lesson 1 of investing is don't invest money you're going to bitch about losing on Reddit later
Please don't ever buy stocks again . Why the fuck are you throwing down money that obviously is making you sweat then coming to REDDIT to ask STRANGERS for reassurance ? I swear some of you are braindead and deserve to lose your money .
Hang in there . We ’ ve all had ups and downs and wins and losses . It happens . Build a diversified portfolio and let time do its thing . I take a conservative approach with about 20 % of my money , I invest in index funds like the S & P500 and some tech sector ETFs , etc with about 50 % of my money and I take more calculated risks with the last 20 % . This is where my Nvidia stock sits . Across my portfolio , and I ’ m 49 and have had a decent career , over past few weeks there are days where I am down $ 30k ! ! For the day . But I believe in my investment strategy LONG TERM , and I ’ ve done well over the years . Read some investing books , check out the bogleheads sub , knowledge is power . Patience is rewarded . Time in market beats timing the market .
If you had apple stock before the 2008 crash and held it , you'd have made a fortune selling it today . The market can crash but it can't die , remember that .
If there ’ s a subreddit or tick tickers telling you to buy a single stock , it ’ s too late .
Wise person ! He ’ s your Obi Wan 👊🏻 ❤ ️
OP I wish i learned this lesson when i was young & dumb . i wish i had , i am not young anymore , just dumb . Congratulations on learning life ’ s most important money lesson early on . it won ’ t matter whether you take temporary loss or profit , you will never be able to unless this lesson .
Being young is an advantage for you . I had a young friend ask me about investing in all these chip stocks and tech , and I told him ( 24yrs old ) he should be contributing about 20 % per deposit into some sort of boring bond fund , 20 % into a ETF / FUND based on tech that will have a bunch of things . And the rest , just keep dollar cost averaging to buy what he thinks will be good for the future . If , for example , for the August deposit , NVDA is on sale , that's a good thing , buying more units . We obviously hope for an end to the downtrend , and there will be one , but while it's on the cheap , it's sort of appeasing to the emotions knowing your lowering your average cost every month . I bought some today and plan on buying a little more if I can loosen up some cash . It looks like the return on my bond funds will start to dwindle slowly , so the time is right to cycle it back into stocks .
Zoom out the NVDA stock chart to 1 year , then to 5 years , then look at the chart in 2000 when dot com burst , then 2008 when housing crashed , then 2020 covid crash , then look at NVDA now . You will see the 5-10 % fluctuation this past few days is meaningless .
Look up nvda on Google and click on the chart , then click on the zoom out button and look at the trend
Certificate of Deposit . Or if you ’ re old like me , Compact Disc . 😏 A Certificate of Deposit is a security you can buy that pays interest . It is a very safe investment that currently pays around 3-5 % and they vary in length from 3 months to several years . The issue is they aren ’ t very liquid , meaning once your into the CD you don ’ t have access to the money . The institution is using that money in their own way . You can cancel them early but sometimes there is a penalty . Usually nominal . For me personally , I ’ ll rotate some of my funds in and out of CDs but usually not a large percentage of my protocol as the interest rates are not great but they are VERY LOW RISK .
50 year old doctor . I agree . I'm holding , idgaf about this drop that appears to me to be market manipulation . I invested for a reason , and I'm not wavering . Regardless of what happens , I'm super great , so bring it on motherfuckers .
Prolly need to hold for more than a few months before this stock goes back up ngl
You just sell 100 % of it , if you ’ re here being an emotional baby . Get out and live stress free
the exact amount of money isn ’ t the point .
This comment is nuts lol
Kid ... how old are you ? Do you think calling people " old man " or " grandpas " is a good way to get advice when you're having a bizarre emotional breakdown over losing a few bucks trading stocks ?
So you saying there is a chance ..
No , they are not implying that .
That was not at all the advice , he didn ’ t literally mean that . How are you on a stock sub applying comparisons as a 1:1 ?
sheeeh . millennials . learn what a metaphor is
Literally hilarious . Back then AAPL was worth 4B $ , NVDA is sitting at over 2.43 T $ . Terrible comparison .
I work for a specialty welding service as a rigger . 40hr 120 a day per diem min . 70 hours a week .
No , but I can give you a foot massage 😏
Well again , you are just reading some random person , just like you were doing when it was 116 . If everybody knew it WILL go somewhere then everybody would be fully invested . Do not take some random guys advice as guarantee .
Then you're not understanding it .
[ Fist bump ] I've been in your shoes multiple times in the last 30 years . I took $ 4,000 out of my brokerage account to pay off a credit card . I now have 10 shares of NVDA . That's it . August 2020 : $ 75,000 - November 2021 : $ 1,100 , 000 . Today $ 1,000 . Mt Roth IRA , I bought NVDAshares and some call options with $ 185,000 in late February 2024 . In late June it was worth 1,300 , 000 . Yesterday it was worth $ 680,000 . 185k --> 680k is a stellar year . Unfortunately , 680k is down almost 45 % from my all-time high , and I lost that much much in 6 weeks . It's sad . :( I'll get that back eventually , just not sure how long it will take .
You're most welcome . Hope this helps . 😉
Good ! As long as you aren ’ t screwing yourself out of cash you need now , keep it in .
I pulled a bunch of money about a HELOC ALand was going to dump it into nvda . I put it back into the heloc . Long term , I'm sure I could have made a decent amount of money , but it wasn't worth the risk to me . I'm approaching 50 , and am in good shape . I followed the marathon approach . I was ready to try to sprint but chose against it .
If you have not done so already read the book , Psychology of Money . Learn to part ways with the emotion of money . That can be hard as hell but when you do , you will notice the difference and will succeed .
Instead of single stocks consider an SP500 or Total Market index fund . Diversify into 500 or 3000 + stocks . Exremely low cost . You fell into that sugar high of 1-2 stocks . Yes , its rough . I would hold for now .
Grandpa . Dude went there .
I work in tech
The sooner you understand this , more money and less struggle you will have then , believe me .
Deal 👌 Holding til post earnings so I hope you ’ re along for the ride
Market goes both directions . Today it ’ s going up on hopium of a . 50 interest rate deduction . Hopium doesn ’ t last . It ’ ll go back down . But , like you ’ ve already heard , if you can hold for 10 years you ’ ll be up .
Umm you said your average is $ 117 ? NVDA was $ 48 in January . 8 months ago . Over 100 % increase in less than a year . That isn ’ t volatile to you ? Dramatic increases , as well as decreases ( which there have been plenty of dips ) , count as volatility . Individual stocks are almost never stable anyways dude . If you ’ re confident in the company , delete the app and look at it in a year .
Well , at least you have not let losing a few hundred dollars kill your sense of humor .
I know nothing about buying puts so don ’ t ask me . Don ’ t gamble - just buy when the stock Drops
I bought $ 5k Friday before close . I put a couple more k in at 12:30 this afternoon . Closed the app and went about the day . Any stock you buy will have big dips . When that happens nobody knows
Okay then dont worry about it just stop looking at it and see where its at in 5 years
If that ’ s the plan the price right now don ’ t matter
Retail has been selling because of this kind of emotion FUD . You need to detach yourself from the stock , and watch the COMPANY ! Institutional buyers have been buying hand over fist , you should LOVE red days if you ’ re an investor .
That's not much
Cheaper the price the better the deal . Also , once you break even it would be on the uptrend so why bother selling ?
Ive had a daily buy for spy and voo going for a while as well . Fair chunk of money in asts and im really fucking confident in that company . Just waiting for their first launch before I load up on more shares .
All are good
Well at least you bought shares in the right AI play and not SMCI . You will be fine . Just realize that stocks go up and down . If you are on a long term investment plan then don ’ t go crazy over it .
If you don ’ t have a strategy ( which it sounds like you don ’ t ) then you shouldn ’ t be investing in individual stocks . What are your goals ?
Honestly , its all relative . I felt the same as you when I was your age losing a couple grand in the stock market . ​ I have the same feeling now at my current age when I see 6 figures drop in my account value .
Good . Don't panic bro . We're in this together . We're going to make $ $ $
You said it yourself . You're young . Just keep buying when you can . Look at the charts on daily , weekly & monthly time frames . I'm happy that you're getting involved early in life . My sons are doing the same . All the best to you , young man .
Will do
That ’ s true shit actually
I'm sure you were born with all the answers .
Worded very aggressively but you have a good point
That can be said on any stock of a successful company “ if you were born back than when it was just $ 4 per share and bought just 10000 of them you ’ d be a multimillionaire today ” , I think the most important part is if he / she needs the money for something more important ( bills , food , rent , emergency fund .. ) or not
Companies can die though … not saying nvidia will . I ’ m just thinking about Bayer lmao … 68 big ones of debt and lawsuits …
[ removed ]
You sir are a gee nee uss
More of a yoda imo
My whole perspective has changed for the better
Why would you tell a 24 - year-old to be putting money into a bond fund ? That's ... not a good return and not where you should be putting money at 24 years old .
Oh cool thanks ! Isnt this useless since more brokers offer 5 % interest on cash accounts ?
Fuck
I ’ m sending a ss of my portfolio in 5 years
Turning 12 in December
It ’ s his first breakup over anything other than his gf . Give him time to grieve 🤣
Oilfield ?
Careful … OP said they ’ re 12 years old
Delusion is the solution
How are they not ? Every single thing you do is a gamble . You drive ? Gambling with your life . Eat junk food ? Gambling your health .
What makes you say that
I ’ m a sucker for stock market metaphors
Do they make it in braille ?
My bad . Didn ’ t know it was as offensive as yall say it is . Just trying to be funny . My apologies .
That ’ s what all mafia members say
10 years is just a lot of time . It ’ s more than half of the time I ’ ve been alive . You are totally right though
I think he was serious about “ put ? ” . I ’ m not sure he understands what ’ s needed for that & I ’ m damn sure that would make his mind spin faster than it already is .
I ’ m staying away from options for another 5 to 10 years . I can handle loosing money on my shares , not calls and puts .
I suck dick for a living . Give me a break
If you had to pick one
Will do man
That last reply was a joke . I ’ m investing . I got a couple etfs and tech companies I believe in . Should be fine in the long run
So your balls still touch the ground when you stand up ?
No , this is a bad idea . Sell half , leave half in if you want . But you don ’ t have to ride it .
Yeah well I've read at least ten other posts like yours since being made aware of this subreddit and it amazes me how some people live their lives . Hopefully this is a wake up call for you .
I know it can be , it's just an example to exemplify that even when all signs are point till its over , the economy always bounces back - it has to . OP is invested in Nvidia , a company that in 2024 I would argue is too big to fail at this point . As with most of the largest companies in the world . So much money to pivot with , so much money to waste and yet still survive and thrive . If they need money now , of course take it but if they are just stressing about market things then they should chill out
The short term savings for expenses part of the plan . Car down-payment , school , house down-payment , etc . In Canada they have TFSA and rather than simply a 2 % interest , this provides a bit better .
Like anything , it depends on you , your goals , and the shifting dynamics . HYSA rates can change at any time . So in times like now , yes , it seems a bit useless . But if I lock in a CD rate at 5 % for two years , and your HYSA drops to 1 % due to economic factors , then I ’ ve actually done well for myself . I don ’ t do a ton of CDs personally . As I get older and closer to retirement , they could serve a very nice way for me to generate some income . Along with bonds . I ’ m 49 and I ’ ve actually never invested in bonds . Some people do because they are safe . Again , just my opinion , for someone who is in their 20s , I think CDs are not a great solution long term . But again it depends . Let ’ s say you want to buy a house in two yrs . And you think your HYSA rate may go down cause rates are going down , the . A one year CD at 5 % guarantees growth with low risk and keeps you from getting into it . Again , different securities exist for different goals and different times in your life .
🤡 🤝 🤡 you and me both . Dropped 4k on it at 135
Yeah , it's gonna look like shit . You're whining because it MIGHT take a month for you to break even . You're not built for this .
You are 12 with 4500 to invest ? You have rich parents dont worry bucko you will be alright .
You ain ’ t fooling me I checked your posts you are not 12 😂 😂 😂
When I was 12 i think i had 40 bucks at most , let alone 4500 . Lmao
Cool .
Petro chemicals mostly from lake charles lewisana to Houston tx . Tennessee last year plastic recycling plant . This year from wind farms west texas , cheese plant lubbock and refineries that was in new mexico . Follow the money .
Im not 12 lmao , just trolling
I don't know , look at the market over any 10 year period and tell me if you made money or lost money during that time ... setting aside for the people like this kid who panic and take their money out and try and time the market ?
Time , history . Facts . Show me a 10 , 20 year period over the history of the market where you lose money if you hold ?
Always remember that you should only invest what you can afford to lose . That money I almost dumped in would not have impacted my monthly / annual budget .
Audible
I only wished someone gave me this advice at your age , time flies
/ s
I have some in spy right now .
I swing them over my shoulder like a continental soldier
It ’ s a void of whining on this subreddit . You ’ re totally right . I think 90 % of my anxiety about nvda stems from this subreddit . Think I ’ m going to hop off and go for a walk .
Welcome to the club
You expect me to be stone cold watching myself loose hundreds my first month in the stock market ? I ’ m young dude , give me a break . I ’ m willing to admit I have a fuck ton of learning to do
No way he's 12 , he types way too maturely for a 12 yo ..
Trust fund baby
God speed dawg
Why are we comparing the whole market to a single stock tho
Intel enters the chat
If you want money when you retire , you're best bet is index funds . But you can't touch the money
... and you should aim for saving at least $ 100 a week . I worked 60 hours a week so I could save
Good call man . If you're in it for the long haul , seriously just log out of your broker , forget about it , and come back in a year . You'll be very happy then .
Yes . I do . If you're not emotionally mature enough to handle it , don't invest . You don't seem to be emotionally mature enough ... particularly given how you talk to people .
He also has pictures of his hands doing electrical apprenticeship work . No clue why he is roleplaying a child . Weird shit .
Because THAT isn't what he said . What HE said was ; > But I still see the stock market as intelligent gambling . He sees the entire market as " intelligent gambling . " Not NVDA , the whole market . That's why I'm responding to what HE said .
> But I still see the * * stock market * * as * intelligent * gambling . Yes , they have ... but 1 - He said " The market . " 2 - He also said " intelligent gambling . " But even with the WORST stock you could find today , you'd have to go back to 2008 until it was as cheap was it was just last week . But investing in Intel is not intelligent , nor is it what I'd call " the market . " The problem is ( despite this being funny for all non-Intel holders and particularly funny for the guy from Everything Money who's a dick and trashes NVDA ) ... I don't think this kid is mature enough to take the time to make an " intelligent . " And I don't think he has the patience ... as of now , to invest . TSM and NVDA are two ... GOLD picks . I've lost ... a LOT in those stocks in the last month and a half . But I've owned them long enough , I'm up much more than I've lost in the short term .
Lmaaaaooo
40 years from now feels like a lot of time to say goodbye to my spare money but I know you are 100 % right . Great advice and I will be investing more into index funds , and less into singular stocks . Lesson has been learned . Best of luck man !
I save 300 a week
Okay … I ’ m telling you as a Momma and not like a cranky old man . He ’ s not entirely wrong , but his delivery is a bit abrasive . I truly hope you didn ’ t ’ bet the house on it ’ . Never do this again if you can ’ t pay your bills ! It ’ s not as fast as a slot machine , lol ! Hey … kid … we are all in the same bed and I am certainly not here to shame anyone ! ! Best of luck to you 👊🏻
Vhoopsie daisy
Just joking brah , nothing deep mane
Okay but the context is that they have 3000 in nvda and 1500 in tsm . This is how OP is interacting with the stock market , so meet them at their level . Or ask clarifying questions .
True , I bought in late to the party in both tsm and nvidia . I'm down about 40k . But I get your point . Zoom out , it's a marathon not a sprint
You don't have to add a lot , but please NEVER touch the money . Believe me ... you don't want to be 65 with no money ! My stepfather still works at 83 cause he never saved a dime and gambled it all away ...
The way he calls everyone " old man , " and " grandpa , " after pleading for advice is just a bit obnoxious . I'm sure I am an old man to him . Almost 40 was old when I was ... IDK , 20 . I was on the kids side until all that shit . People tried giving him good advice and he's just ... a dick .
Best metaphor for investing
Hey , I ’ m older than you … . and he is wise to seek counsel . Let ’ s roll with that ! Give advice without shaming someone bc they will check the eff out and not take your advice . Also , hope you are successful af w your stocks ! I wish no ill will on anyone ❤ ️
Just trying to be humorous my guy . I won ’ t call people old man and shit anymore . My apologies truly . Never wanted to hurt any feelings .
I tried . He turned into a little dick .
Okay … I totally get it . I have a few young adult kids and they can be little d * cks . Hoping for him to have either success or a lesson learned 😉 Hopefully , he is a registered voter .
2 ” take it or leave it
Yes let ’ s just ignore the entire global market and bet that NVDA will be the one green stock today
How many crashes have you gone through as an investor ? This will be fast but the bottom is always below what people expect .
Unless thef feds do an emergency cut this will be a red week . This drop isn ’ t about the stock it ’ s the entire market .
I am definitely loading up more today this is beautiful feels like Xmas investor hysteria creating so many opritunity in so many stocks
I'm not laughing . I think you're wrong . I think it'll end up \ ~ 100 . I don't think this changes the long term view much and ... I think people would be wise to be buying now ... but it's hard . It's hard for people who see the 10K - 1M they put in , whatever it was , to see it in the Red . That's the hardest thing about investing . I do think cooler minds will stem the bleeding and we'll be roughly where we were last week and then earnings will provide a nice little boost .
Hes right because I bought a put . I took one for the team and single handedly stopped a recession . Oh ... this must be how JP feels .
I bought 365 at $ 138ish dollars . Thankful for the life long lessons from this .
you ’ re a wizard frrr
I was thinking the same thing ,
Pre-market it ’ s in the 90s
Nice prediction ...
😂 🤣 😂
I ’ m sorry but this is deluded cope
Boing boing , springboard time !
This is ugly . Very ugly
Even if NVDA rises , you have to remember there are a pileup of sell orders from yesterday ready to be fulfilled on Market Open 9:30 EST NSYE , so it will still likely spike down for a bit .
Bought a few premarket at $ 92 .
I already sold my Nvidia today , and made a little profit . I'm happy . I can't trust the market now , maybe I'll buy more in september
Lol
I bought 70 shares at $ 130 and another 50 at $ 98 . I'm happy .
I ’ m laughing at you
Even if it goes down , read this great article which is exactly my sentiment on NVDA : [ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-now-is-the-time-to-buy-the-nvidia-sell-off-143012767.html ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/why-now-is-the-time-to-buy-the-nvidia-sell-off-143012767.html ) Synovus Trust portfolio manager Dan Morgan likened the opportunity to invest in Nvidia and other AI infrastructure stocks to suppliers who thrived during the gold rush . “ Would you rather be the person who's digging gold or would you rather be the person that's selling the equipment to dig for gold ? ” he said .
Still up 110 % but gahdamn does this hurt 🥲
copium
It's a bloodbath in europe , all indexes are damn way down . Like qqq 3 the leveraged one is 40 % down ... Nasdaq 100 is 15 % down in total this month ... Hurts .
Premarket-down 15.38
what is the lowest you expect it to touch ? even temporarily .
August is usually a good month to buy
I was right when I called 93 , now we're going to 89 .
Pre market shows $ 92 … definitely not today .
Shedding a crying Indian tear for all those with stop loss orders … .
ATH is about 135 . We ’ re off about 31 %
I can't even log in to Fidelity and I heard Robinhood stopped pre market trading . May see some bouncing around this week but we are officially into a correction with the S & P at a 10 % decline since peak July 16 , bottom probably still a bit lower but I expect a flat period for at least a week or 2 while the fear subsides and things can get back into the groove .
Thank you for your insights , Peter Lynch .
GPUs are recession proof .
at 103 approx now , lol
My bad guys , should have told you that after waiting a year , I bought in , enjoy the - 50 % ride again .
It won't and yes you will
😆
There ’ s still time
Going green . Taking one for the team . WE GOING GREEN
Early congrats to those that bought at 90
Agree , i . e . , this hit support level ( approx . $ 90-95 ) from just before last earnings report . IF SOMEONE DID NOT ADD TO THEIR POSITION , YOU WILL REGRET IT ( i . e . , I added 525 more shares to my 2250 and cost basis is $ 93 ) . I also added to a number of other equity positions I have . By the close of this month , this will all be forgotten .
An emergency rate cut will make the market dump haaardr
I now have a margin call for this Thursday . My fault for DCA down . Will see if there is a bounce in the next couple of days , or if I have to tap savings to stay in until earnings …
Lmao . I feel like this a Cramer alt account trolling , Bear Sterns is great ! BoJ couldn ’ t agree more ! ! !
RemindMe ! 25days
I wish people like you would stop posting . Your logic is based off nothing but speculation .
Laughing , sorry .
You people terrify me . So many people are just going all in because they " know " it will moon . " MY stock will go up because feelings ! " . This kind of baseless speculation makes me just want to get out asap
Awww I put in calls it goes down I put in puts it goes up , I'm just gonna go full regard and ceiling fan myself
It just did
Well it was bloody but not terrible , it rebounded nicely and gave us some real good buying opportunities
* quietly loosens the noose *
RemindMe ! 25 days
My investment guy said stonks only go up ! So I bought 300 shares at 130 also scooped up some weed from the guy . Here ’ s hoping you ’ re right cuz I ’ m out of weed and money .
yes . i got more long dated calls . jan 17 140C
I bought 10 shares today .
To test 189
I ’ m going to CRY if it goes up . I want it lowerrrrr even though I got it at the dip
This didn't age well .
Stop betting your life on one company . Foolish mistake .
I would like to thank you all for this buying opportunity ! Much appreciated and welcomed !
Give this man a medal !
Name checks out . Lol
congratz you just jinxed it today 🤣
Nvidia will go below 100 ... there's no reason for it to be in green today ... as the entire market is down
You think the stock will go up 50 % in 18 trading days ? 150 by November , if we're lucky .
$ 150 less than a month is too optimistic given the situation . I think $ 130 would be pretty good .
Oops , I guess I was wrong about that $ 103.18 by EOB thing . $ 106.40 at the moment , but there's still time !
🤣 🤣 🤣
Good guess . It is now 103.36 after the bell
well 150 may be reachable as you say , but i doubt we get to 125 until Aug 28 . Too much uncertainty . The numbers have to be bear spray through a firehose variety .
150 ? ~ 50 % in 3 weeks 👀 🚀
Copium
let fucking go
well this didn't aged well at all XD
$ 80 EOD 👀
We dead .
There's hopium , and copium . My friend , what you have is delerium . There's no way this is even settling between Fridays low and close .
Dont listen to this guy he ’ s delusional . Don ’ t buy dips . Don ’ t be a fool . Wait for the dust to settle , and then wait some more .
That sounds less like thinking and more like guessing or wishing . Over sold ? lol .
only regards are buying now , smart money will NOT buy today . its the little people that will get stuck holding the bag ( of cubic zirconias )
Again , this is just meaningless prognosticating . There is no such thing as “ oversold ” or “ overbought ” - the market is the price maher . There have been very profitable companies whose stocks have slagged and many mismanaged companies whose stocks have soared . NVIDIA is facing a geopolitical impasse between the US and China that has only been amplified by the Trump candidacy . It ’ s also facing an anti-trust law suit . The market in its entirety is falling because the US produced a weak jobs report .
I guess it ’ s hard to get out of the NVDA bubble and face reality .
Customers are tightening their belts . It will trickle through to all the businesses . I don ’ t imagine data centers will be buying with reckless abandon forever . The bust part of the boom is coming .
I am laughing with 250 shares above 100 ...
Brilliant
Pretty sure the OP meant from the open , not Friday's close .
Ironically AMD is looking like that company
Well I think the delay on the Blackwell chip * should * make it go up 😂
Anxious whimpers holding at 100
101.65
lol it is at 102-103 .
Nikkei is up 9 % so far tonight . The yen unwinding may be done . Futures are all up as of 10pm EDT .
You feel dumb now ?
AMD is green today ... why not Nvidia ?
Nvidia golden stock 🦍
permabears never see the bottom though , always more to fall until its already recovered . May be a while just DCA and chill brothers
Good call . This stock has climbed higher than expected and dropped lower than expected .
Even if they do emergency rate cut , don ’ t get your hopes up
The 0.25 pt is on the table . The 0.5 pt is already priced in . Fed won't do shit . It's not their job to keep the market from crashing .
They just say on the news they are talking an emergency rate cut !
There will absolutely not be an emergency rate cut because there is no emergency for the Fed
Yes , well said . It's the global market , in particular the worst one day drop for the Nikkei in Japan since 1987 . I think war worries in the Middle East are weighing things down . Whole world worries that the US economy might slow ... And of course the Fed , high time for them to act on lowering rates a bit , that would give the markets a boost .
It's both . There's a lot of nonsensical , fear-inducing articles about AI out there , and folks that don't understand it might actually believe it . What's important is that nothing has fundamentally in changed in the broader market , or the AI segment , other than increased CAPEX on AI infrastructure .
Yeah but the entire market isn't going down . PG , NOC . hell K is up over $ 12 in the pre .
This is an opportunity * * only if * * you believe the market is incorrect in its fear over a recession . If the market is incorrect , it will recover when data reveals it . If the market is correct , and you buy thinking this is a great time to buy what's on sale , you're going to see a whole new meaning of " on sale . "
If I were I wouldn't own it at 115.98 , lol . I got lucky based on nothing more than seeing this kind ' o ' thing happen a few times . Then again the sun is still up ! Let's hope Viddy stays there too !
This didn't age well .
Yeah the " dead cat bounce " is definitely imminent .
Who is selling at $ 90 ? Frickin bonkers
Oh without a doubt . Stops will definitely go off . We're probably gonna see 87-89 today for a bit .
Same here ! Amazing deal !
You sold on a big dip and plan to buy back in after earnings ? Brilliant .
Why
Oh I know . I'm just trying to be positive . There are a lot of severely worried folks out there , and whether they want to hear it or not the best solution for this storm is to stay in place and ride it out .
I'm close to you , my avg is 55 a share adjusted after split . But WOW this hurts
Worst case with a domestic terrorist attack ? I mean absolute worst if all the negatives align ? 75
I had them in until I realized what was going on . I would have been thrown out if I didn't cancel them on Friday .
Oh I meant the support level of 118 , but yeah .
Oh no ! Ya " mushed " it , lol .
And blue
Use spreads if you are selling puts .
I will be messaging you in 25 days on [ * * 2024-08- 30 18:17 : 20 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-30%2018:17:20%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1eklvw4/dont_laugh_but_i_think_it_might_actually_go_up/lgn8swq/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1eklvw4%2Fdont_laugh_but_i_think_it_might_actually_go_up%2Flgn8swq%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-30%2018%3A17%3A20%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201eklvw4 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
OR , experience and wisdom . Wisdom ten times out of ten will always TRUMP that half-assed education you received from some loser that couldn't do the job , so they figured they'd teach or write a book instead .
OR , maybe it's that a lot of us actually understand what's going on at the technical level , and as a result understand the sector better than most of the talking heads you're reading and listening to ? That's why a lot of us don't need to belabor the finer points of a concept , as we know they're already largely understood . But I get it . You don't like the post because it's in plain English , and that irritates you . Because I'm one of those people that understands the art of communication , and doesn't speak or write using words that only a subset of people reading or listening might completely understand so I can reassure myself that I'm not a complete idiot , like your type o ' people . But thanks for the comment . I've been blocking people like you all day long in hopes of creating a better experience on Reddit for myself , in general . If only 3rd degree oxygen theft were a capital crime .
Oh look , another little oxygen thief .
Well make sure ya hide it , lol . Because this is gonna be a WEIRD and sh \ * \ * month until the 28th .
But's it's not that simple . The support level of 118 was broken by a combination of the rumor mill , and more recently global economic instability . The rumor mill is becoming more apparent for what it is , and things are stabilizing across the globe . But to put it another way it dropped below 118 very recently on absolutely nothing to do with their own performance . So I'm not looking at it as a 50 % increase . I'm looking at it s as a 27 . x % increase . The rest of it will be the handling of the obvious slander campaign that's been going on , and stabilization in Asia . Not to mention when a stock is in more funds than I can count as the top holding , and it first goes under outright assault from the talking heads , and then a non-domestic factor comes in on top of it like we saw yesterday , folks are going to expect explanations and accountability . Publications and networks are going to have some ringing phones and full inboxes over this . Frankly I'd like to see Bill Alpert at Barrons fired and thrown out of the business over this alone . Because he doesn't understand the sector , and he needs to stop writing about it at a major publication . The same goes for too many others . The fossils that will never understand the sector in general need to lose their seat at the table . Alpert has been writing for Barrons since 1984 . It's time for his gold watch and cardboard box . Hell it's time for diapers . But I digress , lol .
Thanks , this helps .
I mean , the market hasn ’ t closed yet
Bruh
Ya no one on this thread is mentioning the Sahm rule with 3 straigh quarters of increasing unemployment .
Panicking when unemployment goes from a 60 - year low to a 50 - year low is peak FUD .
Lol ( Cries from 65 @ $ 107 )
Both are good
Tax rate cut ?
Yes if that happens and praying it does we do a 180
Even in a world where good news is bad and bad news is good , an emergency cut is bad news .
Lots of people here put all of their net worth and their mama on NVDA , seeing it crush means for them their life is over .. those are the same people who will downvote you when you dare to post a reality check or just hard cold truth that is anything else than „ hold on ! ! ! “ , the same people that are thinking that stock price is driven just based on the company innovations or profits
Then maybe just dca into buying more . Get some today . Then some more over the next few weeks so you will continue dcaing into lower buy prices or higher buy prices
How many times through history has majority been correct that a recession is about to hit think about it look it up
I ’ m curious what would “ decide ” ok yes were in a recession . I mean it ’ s pretty arbitrary from what I can see . The data is the data . Life goes on either way . But at what point is it like “ ok now we ’ re in a recession ” and the markets bottom out
Exactly I don ’ t think people understand that given what ’ s happening is something where Gpus don ’ t matter . Also the fed can ’ t help it ’ s what they were inducing to lower prices . If nothing intervenes we re to see what happens in every recession . 50 % plus drops from the top bottoms down to 80 % plus even
How , yesterdays pre-market it was in the 90s ?
i fucked up , I dont think its touching 87-89 today
Say Less $ $ $
Yep . I don't trust the market now . I made a profit . who cares ?
my avg is way higher than yall , but dang this hurts !
So even during a terrorist attack you can only foresee a $ 17 drop
You ’ re a clown this could go to 15 $ if china invades taiwan
103.56 at the end of the post-close 4 - hour trading period . Not bad .
Ya … well the post showed you have none of that .
Bro if you ’ re bearish on the stock you get downvoted to oblivion or banned lol its crazy in here
That ’ s not bad at all , i bought 60 at 130
2600 @ $ 112 . Y ’ all ever considered that the vast majority of investors don ’ t care day to day . Do you believe in the company ? If so , then why does today bother you ? If you don ’ t , why did you buy the stock ?
38 at 118 after selling my Apple stock at $ 235 to roll into nvda long term . Hope to see some of you in 20 years
Fix sorry ;)
I hold alot I dislike ppl that down vote the bearish comments because for this to be a healthy stock sub we need both sides of the coin
This sub is an echo chamber , and the level of greed is insane .
pretty much this
Last time VIX was this high was 2008
Markets are still high especially tech , which is way way up . So hypnotically there ’ s tons more room to fall even to get to a correction
I didn't see that was posted 21h before I responded , thought you were saying it was going to be in the 90s for this morning's PM , not yesterday's .
Yeah but being prepared for it helps the BP , lol . Either way , the pucker factor is definitely still high !
Buy high , sell low !
My average is higher than this guys average and it still hurts !
Except I used to work on Wall St . , and am currently retiring from a later IT career . 6 years for the money , and 20 or the fun , BOTH as an autodidact . You ? You couldn't wipe your ass without a textbook telling you how , kiddo . Be gone .
I'm debating whether to invest more over time into NVDA or VTI . Long term investing into both . Wouldn't buying NVDA be like buying a better performing version of the index without all of the other stocks weighing down the return ? I noticed if NVDA falls VTI does too just not as much because NVDA makes such a huge contribution of most index funds . So , I'm not sure whether to stomach it out with NVDA and take the bigger risk for more returns , or to get the index which will drop with big drops today just as NVDA does , but will have less upside ?
I think the vast majority of investors * do * care day to day . It just doesn ’ t affect whether I sell or not , but it does affect me for sure . I realize that contradiction but I do think most investors * care * when they see pre-market 13 % drop . Maybe it requires defining how “ care ” is defined .
Been DCA since a while ago 800 @ 71 wish i got more just like everyone else anything in the 90s is a steal
Mine was a lighthearted comment as was the comment I replied to from what I could tell . I agree with your perspective 100 % , I ’ m not actually freaking out about my basis cost . What I am on the fence about is whether to buy more right now
That Apple sell must be painful at the moment ...
Exactly what I think , as a newbie , this is the reason why I came to this sub , getting genuine opinion from either sides and different opinions too , unbiased etc .. exactly what is almost impossible to see today on the big finance news sites
You mean 2020 ?
It's funny - they say the market goes up about 10 % annually ( nominally ) . But people will sit there and look at a stock up 100 % and think it's normal . So yes , I agree . There's plenty of room to go .
Can't you read ?
I was absolutely done buying ... bought 1000 shares in 2020 , bought another 1500 pre-split ... but I was trying at 92 and Vanguard just fucking wouldn't let me . Probably a good thing . I really have too much in NVDA .
Bought any at 95 ?
Correction , $ 235 😂 not $ 135
Yeah ... well , it's the fucking internet dude . You shouldn't really be getting opinions from a single stock site . I will say ... if you want to know where NVDA is going , META , MSFT , AMZN , Aphabet , all the large companies buying GPUs are increasing their orders . The only stock earnings report I didn't listen to was AAPL ... because it's not that relevant . TSLA is also buying a shitload . All of them , every single one is increasing their AI CapEx and much of that is going to NVDA . Just the comments from Amazon on the Cloud ... That ... and a cost basis in the teens is why I'm not worried ... but I did damn near buy more today . But , I don't have cash in Fidelity and Vanguard is doing " site maintenance . " I think NVDA is headed to 180 , it just probably won't be until Q2 of ' 26 now . But they're absolutely crushing it . The ONLY issue IMO , is the Blackwell GPU's . Blackwell was supposed to be out Q3 , not it may be pushed back . MAY be . Earnings will still come in \ ~ 30-31 B , mid 70s margins , but Forward Guidance is going to be critical .
I mean reddit definitely isnt the place for unbiased
I can't NOT read , if that's what you're asking .
Surely there's no such thing as ' too much ' nvda .. say it ain't so !
E * Trade did . I placed an open buy order yesterday @ $ 100 . This morning it got filled at $ 92 a share . Was super pleased .
Did you sell your entire position in Apple or just some of it at $ 235 ? ( If you're open to sharing ) . I too thought of selling * some * Apple at ATH but didn't ... Sigh ... Still up though , which is more than I can say for my NVDA position ... bought a bit more of both today !
I work in tech , not for MFST but my medium sized company is one of the leading in Europe in this niche ( Self hosted AI ) , so they purchased a couple of those really expensive AI GPUs from Nvidia complete with everything etc ( we have our own data Centers , not using ChatGPT .. ) and I am already for over a year working with LLMs ( what runs on those GPUs .. ) so I have got at least the technical part very well covered and understood . You are right for a person who bought at 40-40 per share and plan to hold till 2035 , he will be making good gains .. I do believe NVDA will be at about 180 but it will take 1-2 years , so if a person is at a great loss he might cut his losses vs a person who is still green even if the price fall down to 85 . each to his own , I assume we have on this sub a lot of very different types of investors
Less about the platform , more about the people .. at least that ’ s the hope ;-)
I mean ... it's \ ~ 70 % of my portfolio . I really should have sold by now , but ... it's hard . I still think it had a great Quarter , the Blackwell issue is a hiccup , but IDK , if I could have gotten it at 92 , I think I would have . The rest is in TSM , AMZN , GOOGL and then > 500 shares of MSFT , META and some shit I threw at the wall that's just speculative . QBTS , RGTI , SLI ... nothing I'd actually recommend .
Yeah ... I really don't need more shares . But damn , it's such a good price ( I think ) . Oh well . At this point ... it's probably for the best I don't . Keep that little bit of money on the sidelines .
Yeah ... but you're asking why people are so bullish . I'm saying A-It's a sub for a stock for us normal retail investors , so it's going to have biases ... and B-Those biases ... in this case , there's a whole helluva lot of reason for it . Now the difference in the GPU's the technical side , I don't fully understand . That's why I have to rely on listening to their customers and their earnings reports ... all the shit I already said . I think the case is almost exclusively bullish for NVDA as an individual stock ... and you seem to agree . So ... I don't get why people come here and expect non-biased takes . It's just irrational . It's just ... like asking Twitter to not be reactionary ! Also , the OP doesn't really sound so ridiculous now . The " Black Monday , " may be a bit exaggerated .
The ppl are the same everywhere online
Yap .. I'm thinking the data points to a minor rip north of split price , between now and earnings .. after that .. well ... ima move to cash real soon for the correction to play out ..
In other words , if China invades Taiwan , you are royally screwed
I actually saw here several times people with decent holdings being completely unbiased , even though they are knee deep in NVDA , and sure a lot of biased opinions based on the human factor of hey I just put 100K into this stock so I will look like an idiot saying negative or non bullish things about it and the company . My NVDA is pretty small , and I have bought in „ late “ ( average of 115 per share ) , I see only red and even if it shoots to 180 my gains are gonna be relatively small .. on the other hand few here who hold like 10000 shares which they have purchased for 20-25 per share won ’ t have the least of worries even if the stock is at 65 … but wait if it dropped to 20 even the biggest machos might sweat at least a bit
Yeah , I'm not an analyst and I don't read graphs . I'm pretty simple . Just listen to all those earnings reports , listen to them talk about CapEx and then talk about how much they're increasing it or planning on spending and ... it's hard to not be excited about the future .
LOL ... sure . And where do you think you'll be ? I've got 55,000 shares of NVDA with the first 40 at a price point of 1.20 a share . I don't think that'd be " royally screwed , " nearly as much as the vast majority of those invested in the market . TSM ... also my 3rd largest position .
Well ... 1000 shares from 2020 and 1500 from Sept-Feb this last year , before the split ( s ) , I've got the majority of my retirement in this stock and I went through the ' 22 period where it went from \ ~ 320 a share to \ ~ 120 a share as well ... and yes , it sucks and I sweat the ' 22 period . The MASSIVE difference is the earnings . They were red . I wouldn't hold again if their earnings were red . I think the chances of that happening are nearly 0 . And I did get downvoted as I said , last week when it rallied and got back up to \ ~ 120 and I said it could still trade around 110 and even as low as 100 before earnings . It's a volatile stock . But " completely unbiased , " in this context , I'm not sure what people mean by that . Unbiased would be objectively bullish based on the numbers . Or are we talking about the day to day minutia of the stock and posts just like this one ?
Actually , I have TSM puts for jan 26 . " Insurance " .
Ok cool now go up
55 % net on $ 30B . Stunning numbers , they're a goddamn cash printing machine .
Increasing at a decreasing rate equals a nice short position .
It will , but it will go down more
Those numbers might not be organic growth after a little digging . https://old.reddit.com/r/wallstreetbets/comments/1f3yeco/been_putting_amd_and_nvda_in_datacenter_for_a/
Good luck .
Fuck
# Analysis of NVDA ’ s Earnings Over the Last 3 Quarters # Revenue and Net Income * * Q2 2024 * : * Revenue : $ 30.04 billion * Net Income : $ 16.599 billion * * Q1 2024 * : * Revenue : $ 26.044 billion * Net Income : $ 14.881 billion * * Q4 2023 * : * Revenue : $ 22.103 billion * Net Income : $ 12.285 billion # Accounts Receivables * * Q2 2024 * : $ 14.132 billion * * Q1 2024 * : $ 12.365 billion * * Q4 2023 * : $ 9.999 billion # Inventory * * Q2 2024 * : $ 6.675 billion * * Q1 2024 * : $ 5.864 billion * * Q4 2023 * : $ 5.282 billion # Key Observations 1 . * Revenue and Net Income Growth * : * NVDA has shown consistent growth in both revenue and net income over the last three quarters . This is a positive indicator of the company ’ s performance . 2 . * Accounts Receivables * : * Accounts receivables have increased from $ 9.999 billion in Q4 2023 to $ 14.132 billion in Q2 2024 . This is a significant increase and could indicate that NVDA is extending more credit to its customers , which might be a strategy to boost sales figures . 3 . * Inventory Levels * : * Inventory levels have also increased from $ 5.282 billion in Q4 2023 to $ 6.675 billion in Q2 2024 . This could be due to higher production in anticipation of future sales , but it also warrants monitoring to ensure it doesn ’ t lead to excess unsold inventory . # Conclusion While NVDA has shown strong revenue and net income growth , the significant increase in accounts receivables and inventory levels should be monitored closely . These increases could be normal business operations , but they could also indicate potential issues with cash flow or sales practices . There is no clear evidence of \ \ “ cooking the books , \ \ ” but these areas warrant further scrutiny .
Why … you only lose money if you sell
Or have 1DTE options . Lol
The people that ’ re freaking out are trading options . Good luck convincing my degenerate ass to look long term .
high risk high reward . People will continue to throw their hard earn money into short term calls for quick payout . Us investors over here are just chilling .
The scared dumb mofos are doing options … . I buy shares with no expiration date … i just keep Adding monthly 600 dlls … whether high or low dont matter
I bought 60 shares yesterday during the " dip " . It did bring my average cost up , as I was sitting on 520 shares at about $ 45 / share , but I feel that a year or more down the road and \ ~ $ 125 won't be so bad . That still only raised my average to a little over $ 53 / share , so not too bad at all .
Can I still check the price multiple times per hour and let it dictate my mood ?
Yes sir . Good advice . 👍
No , you can't look at a stock TEN YEARS out . The economy changes DRASTICALLY . Laws , business models , rivals , lawsuits , CEOs ... so many changes . I look at each one from a 18 month to 3 , maybe 5 year period and 5 is pushing it . In 5 years NVDA could be losing significant ground to AMD and worth less than it is now , or it could have enormous applications for medical research , just medical records , and autonomous cars , it could be used for missile defense systems , for war , for global warming . Ok , those are more out there , some of them . The energy saved by the chips they make in 5 years when it's PROJECTED to be a 1.3 T a YEAR business could be 50X more efficient , it could be helping climate change , they could also have a HUGE cloud program , they could be generating 100B a quarter with 75 % margins and be a 10T - 15T company . I don't know what will happen 5 years out . I know they're so far ahead right NOW and the AI Cap Ex is ONLY increasing and MAYBE ... they can figure out how to make their own chips and mass produce them ( don't be surprised if they're working on that end of it ) .
With an avg daily volume of 500M which is 8x the SPY . And with an extremely high beta being the 4th most volatile stock in the SnP 500 ( AMD in 3rd place ) . NVDA is the absolute perfect creation for traders . I have no clue how to trade but if I was a trader , this is it , this is where I would definitely play .
Stop telling people what they should be
I do both . I have 11000 NVDA stocks and day trade with 2000 of them .
Yeah . All you impulse sellers just help people like me buy the dips .
It will be interesting to see where Nvidia is in 3 three years
Yes , NVDA will most likely do well through 2026 . After that it really depends if the robotics pursuit pays off . At some point AI needs to be profitable for hyper-scalers . Once the AI training reaches an operational level , a lot of the compute will be handled on the edge . This will cause CAPEX to slow on building out AI training data centers . The end user is where the money is long term in AI . The best way to profit off of AI is to sell to consumers . One of the best platforms to do that is with AAPL . Since the majority of consumers will interface AI with handsets . AAPL has a 2 billion user base with iPhones and will be one of the aggregate locations for AI software to be hosted . iPhone sales is one thing but the revenue in services is another that will only increase . Other major players in this are META , MSFT , and GOOGL . Unfortunately these big moves you see in NVDA will eventually slow down . It will take one quarter of posting “ okay ” numbers to return NVDA to a cyclical semi stock , as competition in the semi space enters and CAPEX expenditure on GPU ’ s slow from hyper-scalers . Funds will chase the next leg in the AI story which will be in profitable AI software . However , and this is TBD at the moment , if NVDA dominates the robotics compute that is another story . At the moment NVDA looks good through 2025 and mid 2026 and will be a good investment long term , but dominating the whole AI story is not a guarantee as this story broadens to other companies making profit from AI .
I ’ m just worried I ’ m too heavy on Tech . But then we think and understand that Tech is the future . And go on with this circle thought
Or dont listen to any of amateurs here
💯
I'm in for the long term , but what about selling before potential dips and taking earnings and buying when low ? I know its so volatile and cannot predict but for eg . should cash in on my earnings at the end of next week and buy again low ? new to this btw , currently made 11 % return
Be a bear , not a bagholder
I see a lot of these posts when NVDA goes up and not so much when it goes down . It ’ s best to detach emotion from this . I understand the OP ’ s exuberance as NVDA starts to move . But don ’ t let that deter you from your investing strategies . If you need to trim … trim . Taking profit is not a bad thing . What good is a stock if you never use the profits for other goals in your life .
Nvidia monopoly
I ’ d like to think so as well . It ’ s currently my largest single stock holding , surpassing AAPL which was my best performer until 2023 - now . I have to try to forget the wild swings it was getting on a daily basis long before it crashed in 2022 . I don ’ t think it was outperforming the sector until it started taking off in 2023 . It seems to have plateaued for the time being , so it ’ s not like we ’ re “ missing out ” by investing slowly into it
Im holding NVDA for another 15 years atleast
Bravo
Upside is 3x over 5-10 years no ? That ’ s about $ 10T market cap .
Can I ask , why is trading options so popular ? Do you really earn more with that ? I ’ ve seen people go from 100 to 10k in just a few months
I was all in at 55 , got scared and sold 90 - Made $ 100k profit . Then realized My mistake and now all in at average 112 . ' Lost ' $ 50k ? in the interem . You cannot pull My nvda stock off Me now with a mule !
With nvda's gpu's evolving and getting better and not just sticking them on top of each other , I think data centres are the money game ? They also need to reduce the energy consumption of the big boys ?
Why not be both ?
Nice try fed
One thing traders and options people Don't benefit from is the most powerful Force in the universe ... compound interest . To add insult To injury , traders pay a lot in taxes at a higher rate , whereas investors defer their taxes and get to Pay the capital gains rate . Then again , the total taxes that an investor may pay may be a gazillion times higher if the stock has appreciated significantly
I am very passionate about compound interest and investing over time . All my calculations are based on 10-12 % steady annual gains in ETF's that I contribute to like clockwork . I don't need 20 baggers . I don't even need to be a good stock picker , I only need that 10 % . This is in sharp contrast to what my dad did , investing $ 15000 25 years ago into a small graphics card company , and a similar amount into Microsoft and Apple . Today his Nvidia shares are worth nearly $ 13 million and counting and the rest of his portfolio is worth a similar amount , all in Mag 7 companies minus Tesla . Despite his success , I have every intention of significantly outperforming him before I kick the bucket , and I'm not young , at 60 . My slow and steady approach is almost guaranteed to beat his approach ( although he technically is also a buy and hold person too ) . And I hope to get to the high multiple 8 figures before I'm all done , without having a single 20 bagger stock pick . Admittedly , I do have a decent position in Nvidia in my Individaul stock account , but this is only to ensure that I get over 10 % portfolio growth annually by buying a select few very high quality stocks
Sage advice . I first bought NVDA at $ 5 and have been doubling my position every year . I may have made a slight profit .
This is true ! If they want big trades , thats what crypto meme coins are for ! ! ! like BONK , PEPE , SHIB , DOGE
I made a million off of options I bought in October in the 400 ’ s last year that expired in July . Would have been a fraction of that if I spent the 100k on shares . That same 100k in shares would have been around 166k in profit . Part of the sale of those options I exercised because the tax benefit outweighed the extrinsic value and now I have 3000 shares of NVDA at 57 cost basis when you take into account the initial premium to buy in Oct of 2023 . So options can be a good way to profit off a stock you are bullish on long term .
Tell you what . You make leaps cheap af and I will do this long term trader , wait , no , investor thing .
Except they ’ ll make what you ’ ll make in 10 years in 1
What makes options traders scared and / or dumb ? Please explain .
You realize that options means like a thousand different ways to engage the financial markets ? Buying LEAPS for instance is a VERY bullish and very long term strategy to invest . And is options trading .
If you bought 1 contract for 20k in October of 2023 at the money and sold it in July of this year that would have netted you 80k in profit .
Depends on the option and expiration .
Dude , congratulations ! That's a badass average on that many shares ! Color me jealous .
This addiction creeps into Youre bones , nice ?
AMD cant touch them at this rate . You better off getting better at under standing specific sectors for long term trading and it doesnt sound like you now this type of tech .
If it makes you feel better , most self proclaimed “ traders ” are not actually profitable in the long term
Damn . I thought I had a lot with 4000 shares
My guess is if revenue keeps up , they'll start buybacks in 2025 , which will fluff up the price .
Nah doesnt depend on robotics only that would help but their stuff is going to be used across the board in business applications . Then quantum computing should really be taking off and they ’ re already using nvd in those so .
The tax benefit outweighed the extrinsic value Can you explain what you mean ?
Do you pay short term taxes if you convert the options to shares ?
Options are a zero sum game , on average , options traders make no money but some win big and some lose big .
They will and I will but you won ’ t lol
People fear what they don ’ t understand
They " bet " that the stock will go up and down before a certain date - . If their bet is correct they win a lot . Else , they lose a lot if the date is passed and the stock didn't reach their predictions . On the contrary , if you hold a stock and it goes down , you still hold it . If it goes up then you good . This is why long term investment is put forward here .
They gamble on weekly options hoping to hit a 200-1000 % banger cause they see 1 in a million do it on WSB . Their option is more likely to go to zero . They know it's gambling but still hold onto that hope , just like people at the casino .
He did not say that . The dumb and scared ones are for sure doing options , but that does not mean that everyone who does options is dumb or scared .
Bahahahaha dam … .. point proven
Thanks , was just dumb luck really . Had a bunch sitting in some savings account last year , decided to start investing . Brother told me Nvidia was good , and I've used their GPUs in every computer I've built so said why not ? That was back when they were around \ ~ $ 430 / share give or take .
It's not an addiction ! I can stop anytime I want , I swear ! I just don't want to !
You can't predict 10 years , 10 years is a long time . You could have some huge lawsuit , a war , 2 new presidents and potential international trade implications , wars . Hell , Jensen could get hit by a bus and his successor runs it into the ground
LMFAO ... Jesus Christ ! Just look at that sentence ! > * You better * off getting better at * * under standing * * specific sectors fo * * r long term * * trading and it doesnt sound like you * * * now * * * this type of tech . Was this meant to sound as funny as it looked ? I'm also genuinely confused how you could POSSIBLY miss the point as BADLY as you did . I mean , just ... SOOO far off the mark , it's actually amusing . You would have to TRY to be this wrong ! Oh ... shit , that was funny . Hey , kiddo , I've been in NVDA since Jan of ' 20 . The first 1000s shares I bought at that point , turned into 40,000 . The last 1500 I bought in the 40s this past year , added another 15000 . I think I * NOW * this sector well enough and ... fuck , if I don't , I'll keep rolling the dice .
The same exact thing was said about AAPL in relation to MSFT . Then Apple released the iPhone . Tech is tech is tech . It will always evolve and no one is immune to being surpassed by their competitors .
For these big moves to continue there will need to be something in robotics or another space . Hyper-scalers will eventually slow down CAPEX spend on data centers and focus on software profitability while taking into consideration margin pressure from CAPEX spend .
Are you saying they're not spending on Robotics right now ? You also realize if Quantum Computing does blow up , then ... NVDA's GPUs will become ... kinda pointless , right ? > " You better off getting better at under standing specific sectors for long term trading and it doesnt sound like you now this type of tech . " You may want to heed your own advice !
I calculated a few scenarios . 1 . Profit from selling the calls . 2 . Tax on that profit ( Short term Fed and State ) 3 . Cost to exercise plus premuim paid and value in shares after exercising . After comparing profit after paying tax on my calls with the cost of exercising and value of shares I determined it was more cost effective to go into shares . Some factors that played into it were my calls were at the 450 strike , and NVDA was trading around 1200 or so . I had more calls beside those 3 I exercised that I did sell and rolled some of the profit into those 3 calls to exercise . This also was pre split and I wanted to be in shares and long . Since I plan on holding them . So I ended up with 3k in shares post split at a 58 cost basis .
Also curious on this
No , you do not pay taxes when you exercise . But you do pay for the shares . Say your strike is at 10 and you paid $ 1.50 per option , that means you need to buy 100 shares at $ 10 to exercise . But your cost basis is $ 11.50 a share . So you need to make sure it is worth it to exercise or take profit by taking the cost basis of exercising into account . Most cases you will make more selling the option and paying taxes . Also once you buy those shares you need to wait a year to get into long tax . Be aware there is also a rule about selling covered calls and resetting your long term tax obligation . It has to do with selling calls in the money that will reset the holding period https://www.fidelity.com/learning-center/investment-products/options/tax-implications-covered-calls
Most lose big
You only hear the jackpots in the casino ?
Yeah .. this one probably should . For their own sake .
That ’ s all fear really is it ’ s just the unknown
Weekly options is gambling . Swing trading or leaps is actually profitable if you are smart at when you buy and sell .
Touché
Right . Jensen steps down and I'm gonna be nervous ( I don't think he will for years ) . It's just not practical to expect to be able to predict innovation and how much ground a company can gain or lose in 10 YEARS . That's for EFTs . Though , if I was going to put money in stocks , individual stocks and not look at them for 10 years , they'd be ... NVDA probably , though I'd have to trim my shares . But NVDA , AMZN , AVGO , META , TSM ( that might be a poor choice , but then they all would be ) ... and then some energy companies , California Water , and a couple of others . But those would be most of the tech ones . Not exactly out on the limb I guess . I think AVGO is the only one of those with a good chance to 5X to 10X in that time , if not more .
I don't think NVDA will be surpassed by AMD and I don't think anyone surpassed AAPL and MSFT , but I think they could lose market share . Hell , they're all but guaranteed to as the expected rate of growth would be nearly impossible for them to keep up .
Yeah I learned that the hard way . I ’ m definitely a little bit more interested in options as time goes by , but I learned short-term options are usually dumb unless you ’ re just doing a contract or two for fun . Or clairovoiant I suppose .
The ones who panic are not swing trading or buying leaps .
I completely agree . To clarify ( maybe I worded it weird ) I was saying that no one thought AAPL could ever surpass MSFT but once the iPhone was released they've been in a dead heat ever since . I just feel like no one is untouchable .
That can be said about shares too . Not solely an “ option trader ” problem .
Oh , yeah , I misread that , but I agree . But sure , I agree . Right now , NVDA looks ... untouchable . And they are for the next few years . But just saying it's GTD for the next decade ? That's ... wild . I was just doing this with someone else and for some reason people think it means you're bearish on NVDA . NO ! ! ! I bought in 2020 , I bought in ' 23 , I bought in ' 24 ... I JUST bought another 550 that I had on the sidelines as I expect it to run up after earnings ( this is as close to " trader " as I'll ever come , but I think it's a good bet ) . But 10 years is just waaaay too long to project . I'd also bet all my NVDA shares that another AI company grows MORE from now until 2034 ... but that's only because there's less room for NVDA to grow . AMD could 4X and be worth 1T . If NVDA 4X , it's a \ ~ 13T market cap .
To be fair , I need to take a step back for a second and recognize I have a similar feeling about one of my stocks . I love it , hope it grows forever , and fully believe they can't be touched right now . It's really tough to accept that maybe there will be a day that you have to let a stock you love go . Really liked hearing your take on all of this , thanks man !
The next 24 hours should be a fun ride one way or the other .
Got me trembling in my booties
I think they will kill earnings . But , I also have a question for those a tad more into the tech stocks space . Will NVDA ever stabilize ? Like the other tech giants or do you think they're going to be a constant up 20 % / down 20 % stock ( hyperbole ) . I like the idea of holding it but , I think the hype is over inflating the volatility .
I expect it to pump after hours and into pre market tomorrow , then pump for a week or two , then correct again down around where we are now or bit lower . Just a guess , not necessarily based on anything technical , but it ’ s reacted this way for the last few earnings cycles . Not sure why this would be any different .
Not just earnings but more importantly future guidance .
i just bought 12 shares
So is it going to moon or crater ?
Lol stock going down during earnings call due to potato audio quality .
For what it's worth , now : $ 116.36 in after hours . I didn't think the numbers were really all that " WOW " but I didn't think they were bad enough for the current reaction . Just my 2c .
what y'all think Nvidia will do today ? I have about $ 12k into nvidia at around \ ~ 109 a share . Wondering if I should sell some or let or ride ? I have a little over $ 14k roughly total now
I have a weird feeling this time the earnings might not live up to the potential ! ! ! Either way I have some cash on the side if it dips … 🤔
Adding to original position
NVDL ? ? ?
Its beasting forwards
Man . I just miss the $ 122 call
Bring on the AI revolution
I took sept 6 calls at 124.74 lets see if they can do it one more time with earnings
I want to buy $ 25000 nvdl on margin so bad ! ! ! Someone sway me
Valhalla or the dark ages tomorrow
AI is going to dictate NVIDIA's Q2 earnings . And , NVIDIA's workforce trends indicate that the company is all in on its cash cow , investing heavily in top AI talent to research , build , test , and sell its chips . In the last 2.5 years , NVIDIA has attracted and retained 19.5 % more AI professionals than the industry average . In Q2 ( and into Q3 ) , NVIDIA continued to grow its AI workforce while others slowed hiring ( AMD ) or began to face brain drain with key employees leaving to join top tech companies and AI startups ( Intel and Qualcomm ) . If in-house AI expertise is what will position NVIDIA to continue dominating the market , they are dramatically outpacing their peers . In addition to growing its AI headcount , NVIDIA made several other key hires in Q2 including several top researchers , high-performing sales leaders , and multiple hires to tackle a $ 50B + / yr TAM 👀 .
Was bored . So bought 200 more just now .
It will trade sideways with a + 20 / - 20 % variance til mid January
Already priced in
Thy body is ready .
It ’ s hammer time
Ahahaha
Thank you puts ! ! !
[ My post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/s/OB64had6MV ) has aged like a fine wine .
Only 4 days after this one aged like warm milk
Reporting at 4:29
Whisper number . 71
Look at the stock . They know
What time do earnings get released ? End of business day ?
The pattern seems to beating on revenue by $ 2 billion and raising guidance for the next quarter $ 2 billion above that . That's my prediction
I might have done a dumb thing , but I saw the price come down to 125 and bought an 8/ 30 call .
ILL BUY NOW 124.65 / share . THERE GOING DOWN THEN THEY WILL GO UP AFTER HOURS AND TOMORROW . INSTITUTION RIGGING IT . WE KNOW THR GAME OF THR BASTARD .
Ya'll are missing the most important detail here . Everything ... EVERYTHING ... rides on their addressing the Blackwell delays . If the rumors are true , and deliveries are delayed by a full quarter , how does that impact guidance ? In the absence of B200 are customers purchasing more H100 instead , taking basically " whatever they can get " ? Or are they holding for B200 to arrive ? All these shorts are betting that the delays are real and guidance will be lowered due to the quarter-long Blackwell delay . I guess in 6 hours we'll know .
Actual . 58
I want it to drop below $ 80 then buy
Estimated . 66
Missed whisper by almost 20 percent
Should be good buy in aftermarket
TIME TO BUY CALLS 🚀 🚀 🚀
That ’ s why there was no lineup behind the Wendy ’ s dumpster this morning :)
Blows competition out of the water in new test of inference . https://www.theinformation.com/articles/nvidia-blows-competitors-out-of-the-water-in-new-test?utm_source=ti_app&rc=d4brr6
2 calls deep . 125 and 126c weeklies . Also 100 deep on 32C for pltr . I ’ m strapped in
NVDA has no immediate competition for sometime so my expectations are high .
Will it go up
I ’ m a buyer at $ 95
Earnings . 58
should I buy now or did I miss it
Yep . Everyone back on the train . … I ’ m hoping it goes beyond the shorts . This area of price hurts me . I ’ m holding . I always do when a company is good :)
You must have puts and options loaded up then ? Lol
All this drama over a rather boring ongoing CapEx spree . It's like Reality TV except all the actors are just chatty cathies on the interwebs and the idiot box . Same crap new quarter every single time . Edit : C'mon chatties , moar DOWNVOTE ! NVDA MISS BIG BIG BIG ! AMD acquiring them at three fiddy ! AI is being banned ! NVDA so DOOMED ! Edit \ ^ 2 : That's more like it ! Sell NVDA buy TRUMP at 100x margin , that's the spirit !
If they transition into more reliable recurring revenue streams ( cloud hosting ) then they will get there . Hardware sales are very choppy , cyclical , and difficult to forecast more than a year out .
Buy the dips , make it more stable for the rest of us .
Definitely maybe
Buy a put hedge , then you can stay in the shares and not make a tax event . If you believe in the company , just protect against the very temporary event risk . Not advice .
Sell a covered call or buy a put
I just took my profits and waiting to bottom out , it's dropping too fast for me 🤣
You ain't gonna do it
Why till mid Jan ?
Always sells off before earnings
... shit
5pm est
Yes . Probably around 4:30 Eastern Time
What strike ? If their forecast confirms the thesis that the AI capital spending craze is still intact , could easily hit $ 130 to $ 135 by the end of the week .
Yes that ’ s the key . If guidance is good it will be smooth . Their vesting earnings is pretty much ascertained .
Don ’ t we all ( so we can buy more ! ) but I highly doubt that will happen .
NOW is to buy . After market they go up.geeze men
Why is it dropping right now
I ’ m sure it will go up at some point . I ’ m sure it will also go down at some point as well . Honestly , my biggest concern is that the tremendous growth we want is already baked in given that it is up 170 % the last year and 3000 % in the last five years . In addition , I ’ m not sure the market really wants NVDA market cap to start blowing AAPL and MSFT out of the water . I think everyone likes having the three of them neck and neck . But I have no real clue which direction it will go right now so you will ultimately have to make your own decision .
I already owned it through my ETFs , but I picked up some more shares Monday because why the fuck not ? The company isn ’ t going anywhere , and my the rest of my investments are tied to it regardless .
Never too late if you trust your investment .
But it ’ s down a few buck .
Ha . No , I ’ m in it for the long haul . I just think it will be “ fun ” watching the chart and seeing all the chatter . Especially given the initial drop .
Exactly
I couldn ’ t agree more
Wells Fargo cut their price target on SMCI to $ 375 from $ 650 . Nvidia and the sector are probably getting dragged down by this . The timing of the news release seems rather odd . Maybe a flurry of buying activity and a rebound on NVDIA later today ?
If I do it will you ?
Put it all together folks . They know shit . Game playing going on for sure ... The news isn't important , what the market makers ' reactions are to the news is what's important . Flip a coin !
Sorry , @125
It's gotten down to 90ish not to long ago , so I wouldn't doubt it .
It's not dropping , it's coiling up .
Get your lube ready
Market be marketing .
Hold . For now .
That's fine , everything is fine .
[ deleted ]
Agree . I still have fun watching my shares 🤷‍♂ ️
Wells fargo gotta get their put strikes to hit before ER most likely . The level of PR manipulation being used is pretty sad to see .
I have not heard the term coiling up before .
Until you sell ? !
Yeah beat expectations … . The last time I looked , the stock was tanking . Thanks to all the short sellers . I ’ m holding
Neither
Its my bithday so IT cant go down
You guys are assuming too much , nothing is guaranteed .
This is a funny comment mate . Short sellers are not just dumb people . Why do you think stock price goes flat or drops before earnings ? people covering themselves . Short sellers probably will close their positions leading up to earnings which means stock price will go up a bit . Others might sell their long position to protection themselves incase it swings opposite direction . Put yourself in their shoes rather than making a wild assumption that they are just dumb robots :P
Retail being this bullish is truly worrying
I mean I hope so . I just hope they don ’ t give us hell next week
RemindMe ! 18 days
I don't give a shit what happens on the 28th . I'm buying over 200k after I close my home sale . See you all in 5 to 6 years . Maybe on my yacht .
[ deleted ]
This is OPs first warning calling . Losses hurt .
Why you speculating like a mofo 😆 we all know how this ends but I could do you a favor and place one out to make it sky rocket 🚀 🚀 🚀
Even if NVDA beats Wall Street expectations , those expections are a mathematically modeled forecast , not what people actually expect . Everyone is very nervous about AI right now , so if earnings are anything but perfect the stock could still fall . I would watch the VIX closely and only make a large purchase if it's below 20 . Also , do yourself a favor and sell a week before earnings . At the very least don't hold the stock going into August 27 , buy at the end of the day and wait for the stock to gap up .
They will manipulate the market on that day , that ’ s for sure 💯
RemindMe ! 18 days
Felt there will be turbulence on 8/ 28 after hours market , either up crazy or down crazy
I can ’ t wait to buy under 80
Unless they announce the delay of Blackwell yet again and the Bears will laugh at us .
A lot can hap oh en between now and then , regardless , I agree I can ’ t wait .
You and millions of traders and thousands of hedge funds . Should be a holiday at this point . 🤪
i think this week we might see low 90s again , and then maybe slowly climbing into earnings which i think inevitably will be good
What happens on 28th ?
$ 150
You all think it will be above 100 sept 20th ?
How many bag holders here ? ?
Inb 4 it goes down to 80 and we all cry
Unpopular opinion . NVDA hit its peak . Other companies will end up doing the heavy lifting for AI . NVDA was just the catalyst similar to intel in the early 2000s . My money will be on Tesla or Google to bring home the AI money .
The delay of Blackwell may be baked in but no one really knows how bad it ’ ll influence next Q guidance , as customers may decide to go with Hopper instead , or not .
It ’ s post like these that make me want to gtfo . The moment assets start acting like a meme stonk , that ’ s when you need to be worried about jumping ship . Fully expecting this thing to tank Aug 28 .
I really hope it moons on earnings but if it doesn ’ t I ’ m gonna have some cash ready to buy the dip .
Wanting to buy CFD or leverage so I ’ ll gamble that shit
The economy is cooked , ww3 around the corner . I hope you guys aren't putting all your eggs in the NVIDIA basket .
Op missed his buy in . Was playing Fortnite
Shorters lost their minds when they made an incredible profit on August 28th
It's my birthday too :D
Happy early birthday ! I will make a wish for you that it will go up
I hope you get your wish .
It ’ s my birthday too !
Mine too ! So many NVDA Virgos .
Too many virgos here
lol
Happy birthday ahead of time
I changed my birthday to the 28th
Nothing in life is guaranteed except for nvda .
I mean we could be dead tomorrow . By that criteria , may as well not plan for next week . We plan by likeliehood , since nothing is assured , haha
[ deleted ]
I never called them dumb robots , but I love to see them lose their mind and their shirts on August 28
They think it's so easy to make money , a lot of cope is gonna happen
Let them be bulls
The bulls are a coming bro
If they do , I'll just buy the dip as a matter of fact , I hope to stock goes down before August 28 so I can get even more shares . After August 28 it's gonna take off I expected to be around 130 .
I will be messaging you in 18 days on [ * * 2024-08- 29 02:33 : 21 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-29%2002:33:21%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1eoxqab/i_cant_wait_for_august_28/lhj5vfo/?context=3 ) [ * * 4 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1eoxqab%2Fi_cant_wait_for_august_28%2Flhj5vfo%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-29%2002%3A33%3A21%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201eoxqab ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
You'll see the price go up
You will certainly be there . Your going to be a multimillionaire
NVDA stock will release their quarterly earnings report . In other words , they will tell how much money they've made . Usually , this is the time when the stock can go up or down . But based on other chip manufacturers , I expect the stock to be up in the shop rise in price
Thanks
DO NOT FOLLOW THIS ADVICE IF YOU'RE HOLDING LONG TERM
Up crazy
I'm gonna have fun laughing at all the people that told me not to put money in the stock market
inevitable ? don't get complacent
Good call
Issue is they do not need to be good but incredibly good ...
It is definitely going into the $ 90s this week ... maybe even slightly below that
2nd quarterly earnings report . NVDA will disclose how much $ $ $ they made
Pencil a note to yourself : earnings are reported 4 times a year , thus representing a cycle you can ( and really should ) observe and actively participate in the trends .. modest gains are your fren ...
I think $ 130 - $ 140
Pipe dream
Yes
How quickly it went back over 100 in this level of volatility and fear , says something , doesn't it ?
I'll just buy the dip
We'll see on August 28 ...
You are mistaken my bro
Look what the stock has done in a week . We going to the moon . Strap on your rocket ship 🚀
I'm buying shares before earnings at the current price is right now
Mine three !
aww for me ?
no , you don ’ t understand . Good earnings doesn ’ t guarantee the stock going up . Learn some finances …
These are the ONLY data points that have me consider reducing my position . Ignorance never out-performs in the long run . I hold 6,000 shares which is to say I ’ m VERY confident in the company but there are ALWAYS risks and unknowns . Stock can decline from many known risks but it is the unknown surprises that can clobber them .
Is that hope or alcohol talking ? ! NVDA is a solid company but nothing is guaranteed . Blackwell is already delayed . All its hyperscaler customers are being scrutinized for returns on cap expenditures . NVDA may be dead money for the next few months . May be squeeze some money out of it by selling covered calls .
( Looks at the chart from this summer )
We can always trust bro science .
lmao history is nothing in this market but snorting hopium based on that
This is so incredibly inaccurate . Either you know nothing other than NVDA or you're paid by them to say this stuff .
You know you are seeding hatred on reddit don't you ? Short , long , fast , slow ... calls .. puts ... all is there for a reason . What I am curious about is what is your reason for what you said ? It is the MM''s fault of what's happening not the short term retailers
The stock is manipulated by all sides trying everything in their power to move it in a certain direction by a certain date . For us normal people it is just as random as the lottery in the short term .
But they will for sure not just sit on their hands doing nothing , if they sense a storm is coming they will brace and not expose themselves
Why didn ’ t you just fully build out your position at below 95 ? I always hear the “ I hope it drops more … ” it was 90 on Monday . It ’ s down 30 % from all time highs …
130 ? Hmm … hope so . That ’ d definitely be my exit point cuz that means I made 60 % since April lol
or down :)
[ deleted ]
The only thing that ’ s certain here is your way of overcomplicating a simplistic cause / effect mechanism in a company ’ s share price . Your lack of fear is worrying and with it deeply emotional . Forward guidance is more important as you would have learned through amazons positive earnings with horrible forward guidance leading to a - 10 % Slump
[ deleted ]
Sooo ... good earnings hehe .
Anytime at least someone can make something 🚀 🚀 🚀
Wishful thinking is meaningless
Touch grass .
1 . Jensen sandbags 2 . Mag 7 capex is up across the board Technically , you ’ re correct but I don ’ t think it ’ s more than putting two and two together to conclude that they will beat for sure . How the market reacts is up for discussion but I think it ’ s safe to assume nvda will beat and guide higher
i'll be buying at some point hopefully under 100 after swinging it this week from 100-106
if we go below 90 i'm emptying my bank for it and i'll see you in q2 2025 🫱🏽‍🫲🏼
Thankyou
You're going to feel foolish tomorrow when Nvidia goes up
True , just been my first time selling cash secured puts didn ’ t even think it would possibly go near 100 . 🤷‍♂ ️ but now idk . I ’ m good with getting assigned anyway .. I like the stock .
I mean … I hope so . It ’ s still down from its peak . Just trying to be realistic . The party ’ s gotta stop sometime , and will . Just a question of when and who ’ s left holding the bag .
Nothing guarantees nothing . We could have good earning , but the yen crashed , and no one can predict that , or Covid global pandemy . There are no givens in life , you should leant that by now
It is delayed 3 months , but also don ’ t forget they moved up the timeline by a year so we are still 9 months ahead of schedule .
We'll see August 28 . Ps , I don't drink or drug
I get where you ’ re coming from but Celestia was up 10 % . NVDA moon landing next week
Plus , short sellers are a net positive for the capital markets in two ways : improved liquidity for all investors and more efficient price discovery . Short sellers are not the enemy . ( Plus : They feast on cheerleaders like the OP . Bonus ! )
I'm long term
I did buy the dip
If you choose to sell , you're gonna be sorry . When the third-quarter earnings ? Come in . You hold onto Nvidia stock . You don't sell it . This is a long-term hold stock .
or flat
You're going to feel foolish tomorrow
You're gonna be stupid rich , bro loaded with cash enough cash to burn
Good plan
Good plan bro
I'm swinging , too .. anything north of $ 110 is a huge cash grab , although I'm looking at a rise back to split as my nominal benchmark . If the Feds do a rate cut in September , ima move to cash .. earnings will be the perfect time to cash out near the high side and hold cash for the incoming correction .. Rinse and repeat on 3rd qtr earnings report in November - just in time for bear hunting .. Mwuahahahahahaha ! !
Down -6.5 % after hours lol . To preface , I ’ m not bearish on NVDA as a company , I think it will be multiples from here over the years . But to think earnings weren ’ t priced in and that it would go to $ 150 on open was a pipe dream .
So foolish ! Touch grass
Don ’ t bet on earnings , especially in current macro . I understand you are going 3/4 weeks out , in which it reverts make to mean . If you like it at 100 , get your CSP w next week expiry , higher IV , you should get better premium . You can decide post results if you want to hold the stock long term .
This is the beginning of A . I . , this stock is good for another 5-7 years
Now you ’ re talking about randomness - which you can also avoid by doing hedging . I don ’ t wanna sound rude but as I said , you don ’ t know anything about finances . As soon as I went to college to study for a Bachelor ’ s in Financial Analysis , I made $ 500 from $ 100 in just 7 months , thanks to the knowledge I gained there . Get some lecture , books ( I recommend [ this one ] ( https://www.amazon.pl/One-Wall-Street-Paperback-Apr-03-2000/dp/B001PO66LC ) ) , stop gambling and start trading . Or just invest and chill for years .
It matters what is already baked into the price . The fact that it is ahead of original timeline is irrelevant .
I drug
Why not ? Drugs are mind opening
Post announcement - a buying opportunity ? ! ! 🤣
Technically it is the dip rn
I did the same . I buy all dips I can & DCA down
Sell and diversify is the plan .
Stop giving people financial advice .
incoming correction ! we already correcting ! in seriousness , i think overall market funds , s & p etc wont have much more room to fall after last week's crazy drop . doesnt mean i think its impossible we see more downside , i think august will be choppy , up and down . but i dont think we'll see THAT much more downward movement overall
I ’ m guessing you either don ’ t remember or were too young when folks first got internet . The dot-com era was the technology that was going to change the world , and while it did … it was over-promised and led to a lost decade of returns . I don ’ t think AI is equivalent to the dot-com bubble , but I do think beyond generative AI , it ’ s a little over-hyped . Just waiting for the last shoe to drop and then the party will end .
Well I'm glad for you . Or sorry that it happened . Either way I'm not reading you anymore , Lol
Just wondering - If you are a hyperscaler that plans to buy blackwell and it gets delayed by 3 more months ( total 6 ) wouldn't you delay purchase of blackwell and instead favor waiting for Rubin ? Unless they delay that too .
Yes , but moving the revenue for Blackwell up 9 months means more value to shareholders and higher earnings reports earlier which leads to higher stock prices .
No , it's the cash flows that are baked in , and NVDA already has plenty of cash flows to rely on from Hopper being in high demand . Delay or no delay , NVDA and TSMC are on the leading edge and that matters in this industry . Also , when Blackwell does roll out , there will be more supply at that point because of shored up resources at ASML and TSMC means higher capacity at launch .
Not fun when they fry your brain
They are going to announce it tomorrow .
I respect that
Diversity is always good however you are missing the boat . NVDA has had true canny ability to tap into three movements the past 30 years . They own AI and will continue to dominate . I ’ m long NVDA and fascinated with what they will tap into next .
Any idea , what you're gonna buy with your proceeds ? Diversification is great . Don't sell it all .
But what about the tax bill ? By selling you permanently reduce capital that could otherwise have kept growing . Selling such a good stock would sap massive growth potential unless you believe this stock is unlikely to get as good returns as your other picks . Curious .
Personally , I think short term capital gain tax is robbery . Hold for exactly 1 year for long term capital gains tax
but i am also holding some cash on the side if we do , like , another 10 % type deal , i'll have no choice but to buy more if we get back down to q1 levels
I remember the dot com bubble . This is not it . Wait till August 28 ... ! ! !
That's old news and has been baked into the valuation for a while now . Some would even argue the delays of Blackwell announced 5 days ago is probably also baked in at this point and would not erode the valuation further . Serious investors are looking for new catalysts to propel the share price upwards
Nancy Reagan , is that you ?
Already announced . Finished trading in extended hour down , $ 117 .
Novo B , Gubra , RNA , NVDA , CS Medica
I do not believe NVDA will go grow more than Gubra and Novo Nordisk ( rest of year ) . RNA has a lot of growth potential and CS Medica is waiting to explode .
Not a problem . I ain ’ t gotta pay up before feb 2026
Right ? ? I hear you , we already in a correction .. sure .. but rookie level numbers , i say .. there's a bigger correction coming that will make us all sit up and pay attention .. now is the time to check emotion and mental masturbation and skepticism at the door .. we gonna survive this shit storm .. believe in your plan , believe in yourself !
Why is it that every ER there is a huge up tick in stock price then ? Another ER that they blow out of the water because of Blackwell being 9 months early is a catalyst too . The price is baked in to a degree but revenues and the like aren ’ t known for sure until those sweet , sweet ER ’ s come out .
Only stupid people use drugs . Look at the homeless in California . A bunch of drug users
Blackwell being early WAS a catalyst that helped move the share price to what it is now . Shipment delayed WAS one of the reasons why the share price stayed flat since it was made public . The next earnings report COULD contain reasons why the price would go higher . We can guess it is not by accelerating the product roadmap . The increase in manufacturing capacity by strategic partners to meet demand are well publicized and not a big secret . Again , baked in already . Their major customers have already painted part of the forward-looking demand side picture in their recent earning announcements . May be there will be something else but it is not being reflected by looking at the option contracts .
Only stupid people make broad assumptions . “ Drugs ” don ’ t necessarily mean meth , heroin or coke . No one ever became homeless from psilocybin . Please educate yourself .
Awww shucks this coffee I ’ m drinking is gonna make me homeless ? Better tell my job
Bullish note after they have loaded up . What's new
RIP bears
As I said weeks ago . . . " New Blackwell chip schedule largely unchanged "
In MS defense they did say 2 weeks ago that NVDA was their top stock .
The Nikkei is up over 2.6 % . Banner day for Nvidia tomorrow ?
They want your shares . You panic . Sell low . They win .
Lol it's so hillarious
Tomorrow is going to be fun !
That's it ! I'm done trying to be a millionaire
Bullish 🚀 🚀 🚀 we are going to see 130-140 before ER for sure , then it will explodes to 150-160 no doubt 👊
Is this a memo that is not published to the general public ? I read that you are heavily invested and I know there are people with more money than I . I just want to know more so I can believe it .
Source ?
It must be such a b running a public company . Could you imagine a sprint review with Jensen ! Yea , we are going to be a few weeks late and we think that might cause some financial and reputational risk . Hahahah . Indeed .
Shocker . Who could have predicted that ? I mean other than most of this sub , lol ? Yes , I'm still on vaca . But I had to stop in to soak up some green sun with y'all .
Considering that 600k + unit estimate for just 2H is well above TSMC full year capacity for Hopper , it's more like this is playing to the confusion caused by Nvidia using the Blackwell name for both the DC and Consumer parts . TH is saying Blackwell RTX - 50 is on schedule and that would make sense with that volume . https://www.tomshardware.com/pc-components/gpus/nvidia-blackwell-rtx-50-series-gpus-everything-we-know
Server system rollout will hurt SMCI and Dell ! Better for Nvda . More profit in house ! Sold out on everything should be a good earnings report !
They need to release good news now because they are done buying the dip .
Source ?
Others will also load up .
Yeah the big boys let their rumors fly for a while , probably even had a hand in spreadijf them , now that they got to buy their dip , they're out defending it
Yeah the big boys let their rumors fly for a while , probably even had a hand in spreadijf them , now that they got to buy their dip , they're out defending it
Buy , Hold , Sell do whatever you want but you ’ re fools if you think Morgan Stanley is publishing info to help out the public . They ’ re the same as Cramer . Everything is the media concerning stocks / money is to help them first , usually that ’ s at your expense
Fuck the bears !
Don't worry , my puts are long out , still up on them , and if anything every dip ( in puts ) is a buying opportunity !
Yes , they have been consistent in saying that even if there is a delay there won ’ t be a material impact . This RN puts some numbers around it
Maybe . Nikkei still has some catching up to do . Still down - 13 % on the 1 month vs the S & P ’ s - 5 %
Morgan Stanley research note . See edit
Trust me bro
It says right there on the post . Morgan Stanley research
Then they will drop the hammer again . Rinse and repeat . Now the main challenge is when are they pulling the rug from us ? I guesstimate mid-September Just look at all the green vs . red candles this year . Seems like 4-6 weeks of green , then 8-10 weeks of red . October might be hell on earth , and then November to December good ?
It ’ s a research note . It ’ s not for the public or for helping out the public . They make insane amounts of money from this research and people pay top dollars to access it
gl bro
I can ’ t find it , is there a link ?
The solution is , take profits periodically . And reinvest .
My cousin is an analyst doing this research for them . They have a separate website where they release free research but it ’ s kind of like fake for promotion . Also their research is kind of fake in the first place .
You too 🐂 🤝 🐻
. It ’ s a research note . You have to subscribe and pay for it . If interested it ’ s available at http://www.morganstanley.com/matrix
Can you explain your bear case ?
Who's hating on peace and harmony between bulls and bears 🤣
Thx
For sure , happy to . It ’ s a long answer , so bear ( no pun intended ) with me . Let's say you're a big tech company or a startup in 2023 and have seen Generative AI in action , realized its potential and wonder what it can do for you . So you want to train your own LLMs or if you're a cloud provider , host other enterprises that can then train their own LLMs . But there's a major hurdle - you need AI chips . Not just some . You need a f * * * ton of them - just to get started with your AI endeavors . And what is pretty much the only way to get these chips ? Nvidia . So you start spending massively with Nvidia . You're not too happy about it , but you don't have a choice . Nvidia ’ s revenues shoot up , and they enjoy wide margins and massive profitability . The rise to fame . This is where we are now . Now a few quarters have passed . You have got nearly enough chips to maintain a run-rate of your AI efforts . If you ’ re one of the hyperscalers , in the meantime you ’ ve also been ramping up production of your own chips ( Amazon ’ s Tranium , Google ’ s TPUs , Microsoft ’ s Maia and Cobalt ) , because even if your chips are worse than Nvidia ’ s , they ’ re much cheaper for you since you can skip the premium you pay for Nvidia GPUs . At this point , you are able to train the LLMs you want , because you have already accumulated the chips you needed to get started . Sure you ’ ll need to replenish them some day , but that ’ s gonna be a much slower rate than the initial buildout phase . Besides at this point , you have other problems such as sourcing power of the continual operation of the chips and maintaining them . This is the digestion phase . It will be the downfall of Nvidia ’ s exponential growth and there will be some disillusionment here . This is the gist of my bear case . There are a few common criticisms and nuances that I can address upfront : Competition chips are not even remotely close to Nvidia ’ s chips , especially because of the CUDA “ moat ” that Nvidia enjoys . Well , it is true that Nvidia has dominance in the broader ecosystem , but the AI workload is very disproportionate where there are a few custom use-cases that rack up most of the requirement , and these are indeed going to move to custom chips , like Amazon is able to [ use Trainium Chips to pre-train an LLM ] ( https://arxiv.org/html/2404.10630v1 ) , Google ( this one should be plenty obvious ) [ used TPUs to train Gemini ] ( https://blog.google/technology/ai/google-gemini-ai/#:~:text=We%20trained%20Gemini%201.0%20at,our%20most%20efficient%20to%20serve . ) , [ OpenLlama ] ( https://github.com/openlm-research/open_llama ) and [ Apple ’ s Foundation LLMs ] ( https://arxiv.org/pdf/2407.21075 ) have also used Google ’ s TPUs for training . But bro , they ’ re always going to continue to buy more chips and the latest chips , because AI is constantly evolving and it ’ s a race . Yah , this is quite speculative . If you say that chips are really getting much better over time , then it could go either way ( why would I buy something now rather than wait for the next generation ) . Also , relying on the race to continue forever is a folly . Sure there ’ s a race now where everyone is accelerating , but wait until revenues continue to not materialize , and also add in point # 1 , and one day you ’ re looking at a shift of focus away from AI spend acceleration , even if there is innovation still happening in the background . I ’ m sure AI is going to stay relevant , it has been relevant before ChatGPT , but the infrastructure will already be there , so it ’ s just gonna be everyday business .
Interesting . Thanks for sharing . A few questions : 1 . What about power efficiency ? Blackwell chips , for instance , are not only substantially more powerful than Hopper , but ultimately are significantly cheaper to operate for the same compute as well . ASICs might be cheaper to product , but they also better be efficient enough to offset the cost . 2 . Researchers are using CUDA . How much will Meta or Apple need to pay in order to retrain their engineers to use their own software and dev tools ? Are these employees going to have second thoughts about transferring to a new platform , especially if they're considering career changes in the future ? 3 . Are you familiar with many of the node advancements that we are currently seeing on the leading edge or should see within a generation or two ? ( things like backside power delivery , bonded wafers , GAA , etc . ? Again , the leading edge is not only more powerful but also more power efficient , so companies may be happy to pay a premium to Nvidia to realize these advancements and their benefits more quickly than trying to chase that leading edge with their own chips . 4 . What about the revenue * now * ? I can understand buying puts at some point , but why now ? Nvidia cannot meet the demand and the release of Blackwell will only drive more demand . ( because again the hardware is not only more powerful but more efficient to run ) 5 . The race between chip makers has been in full swing for many decades . Why would it stop any time soon ? Especially with Moore's Law being no longer relevant , architecture and hardware design becomes even more important for squeezing out more performance and power efficiency . You think that companies will simply stop investing in R & D on the leading node at some point ? Why would they ? I think you make some good points , but how confident are you in your bear case ? What would make you reevaluate ? How long will you continue to buy puts if your thesis does not play out as expected ?
Last question , do the CEO's wear leather jackets at any of these customer's you've alluded to ?
This individual has NVDA worth 25 dollars . Take it with the tiniest grain of salt in the world . They're not just going to stop once they build out ONE Data Centers ... AMZN said they're VERY early on in the buildout and ... he's also ignoring the Military , Medical , Security functions , EVERYTHING else . But , so be it . I've got 55,000 in NVDA going back to ' Jan of ' 20 and ... at \ ~ 182 , I'll sell ... or , if companies start to talk about slowing down their CapEx on AI . But it's naive to think this whole AI thing is going to ramp up in this short of a period and then just ... fall apart .
Thanks , those are some pretty good and tough questions . 1 . Yeah , so competing chips are chasing the same goals as well - [ TPU Pods ] ( https://interestingengineering.com/energy/google-trillium-chip-ai ) for example ... Actually several online sources already tell me that TPUs are more efficient for AI workloads , even though GPUs are more versatile for general-purpose parallel computing .. Not sure if it ’ s true , but I know that TPUs are built very specifically for AI use-cases ... Also in my previous comment I linked that OpenLlama and Apple ’ s models were trained on TPUs , so it may be true . 2 . Hmmm so Meta uses CUDA pretty heavily but I ’ m not quite sure about Apple ... There are two parts to this point : 1 . “ ... need to pay in order to retrain their engineers to use their own software and dev tools ? ” Yeah , they ’ ll probably have to bring up a new team or two that builds and maintains the internal framework and have the ML Engineers interface with the new team , while the researcher interfaces with the ML Engineers and remains mostly shielded from all this ... If the new team is 20 people , we ’ re looking at what like ~ $ 10M / year . This is chump change compared to the billions in savings . 2 . “ Are these employees going to have second thoughts about transferring to a new platform ” Who ? The researchers ? They ’ re already shielded from all of this . The ML Engineers that interface with the tooling team ? Ahhh I don ’ t think so , because employees at these companies are already entrenched in internal technology and also , it ’ s not very hard for an Engineer to switch from one framework to another ( it ’ s hard for a company to switch , due to the dependencies , but not for an individual to learn a new framework ) . Can you imagine a Meta ML Engineer being rejected for a role because they don ’ t have CUDA experience ? Yeah , don ’ t think so . 3 . Hmmm ... This is one area I ’ m not very familiar with ... there ’ s economy-of-scale . One of the reasons for Nvidia ’ s historic monopoly is the small market prior to the AI craze … If the market here continues to stay this strong with so many billions on the line , Amazon / Google / Microsoft have reason and resources to make such an investment . 4 . This is more about what the market is pricing in vs not , as opposed to what is actually happening in terms of material revenues / earnings . In June / July the market value for Nvidia was the most disconnected from my fair value . The payout was very good if my thesis plays out over 2.5 years . Once the market already starts expecting a slump in revenue , even before the actual slump starts , the trade is already over ( or the return is highly diminished ) . We already saw a preview of this with all the Capex talk and the same puts I bought in June are already 50 % more expensive . Still , it ’ s really tough to predict the top of a bubble . The disconnect could certainly extend even further , which is why I didn ’ t buy as many puts as I wanted to . 5 . The “ race ” that I was talking about wasn ’ t the race between chip-makers , but the race between chip-buyers to showcase their AI prowess . So this is not the same as what I was talking about ? This is one of the highest conviction investment theses of my lifetime . What would make me reevaluate is obviously , Nvidia ’ s revenues and profits continue to grow exponentially in perpetuity ... Currently I ’ m holding Dec 2026 puts , and I have enough money to buy 2029 puts if necessary in 2026 . If this doesn ’ t go my way by 2029 , I have no option but to accept defeat , take the loss , and move on . And then keep all my money in ETFs from that point on I guess .
Lol , good point . I had it all wrong this entire time . Let me go sell my puts and buy calls while there's still time . 😀 Bow down to the leather jacket .
I agree that this buildouts are likely only just beginning and that this is a paradigm shift in computing . Why are you selling at ~ $ 182 specifically ?
You can check the budgets of " Military , Medical , Security functions , EVERYTHING else " , they're nothing compared to the hyperscalers spending that is driving all of Nvidia's revenue growth ... For all the talk of " numerous " futuristic use-cases , most of Nvidia's revenue is concentrated in a handful of customers , and several of them are building their own internal replacement for Nvidia's product .
> If the new team is 20 people , we ’ re looking at what like ~ $ 10M / year . This is chump change compared to the billions in savings . 2 . “ Are these employees going to have second thoughts about transferring to a new platform ” Who ? The researchers ? They ’ re already shielded from all of this . The ML Engineers that interface with the tooling team ? Ahhh I don ’ t think so , because employees at these companies are already entrenched in internal technology and also , it ’ s not very hard for an Engineer to switch from one framework to another ( it ’ s hard for a company to switch , due to the dependencies , but not for an individual to learn a new framework ) . Can you imagine a Meta ML Engineer being rejected for a role because they don ’ t have CUDA experience ? Yeah , don ’ t think so . I don't understand what you're saying here at all . What is it you think that engineers who * aren't * interfacing directly with Meta's ( for example ) internal AI stack ? > Hmmm ... This is one area I ’ m not very familiar with ... there ’ s economy-of-scale . One of the reasons for Nvidia ’ s historic monopoly is the small market prior to the AI craze … If the market here continues to stay this strong with so many billions on the line , Amazon / Google / Microsoft have reason and resources to make such an investment . Right , but how long will that investment take to pay off ? And going back to point # 2 ... are these employees expected to retain proficiency in not only CUDA but also the proprietary systems at each of these companies ? And what about academic researchers and independent developers ? Which frameworks / tools will they use if every company is making their own custom architecture ? > In June / July the market value for Nvidia was the most disconnected from my fair value . How so ? Is that the period of time when their forward PE was the lowest its been in many , many years ? > Once the market already starts expecting a slump in revenue , even before the actual slump starts , the trade is already over ( or the return is highly diminished ) . We already saw a preview of this with all the Capex talk and the same puts I bought in June are already 50 % more expensive . Still , it ’ s really tough to predict the top of a bubble . The disconnect could certainly extend even further , which is why I didn ’ t buy as many puts as I wanted to . Let me get this straight ... You bought puts without any clear picture as to when the stock make its ATH and decline ? > The “ race ” that I was talking about wasn ’ t the race between chip-makers , but the race between chip-buyers to showcase their AI prowess . So this is not the same as what I was talking about ? I see . So are you saying that the AI products that these companies are building won't yield revenue or profits ? When do you expect companies to figure that out and abandon ship ? If companies abandon ship , do they risk losing to competitors who stuck with their AI projects ? > This is one of the highest conviction investment theses of my lifetime . Really ? Because your argument , no offense , is pretty flimsy . You don't even seem to know much about TSMC and what's happening on the leading edge . You also don't seem to have actually crunched the financials to understand what the company is worth . How will you know when to sell your puts ? > Currently I ’ m holding Dec 2026 puts , and I have enough money to buy 2029 puts if necessary in 2026 . If this doesn ’ t go my way by 2029 , I have no option but to accept defeat , take the loss , and move on . And then keep all my money in ETFs from that point on I guess . lol , are you trolling ? You do realize that between now and 2029 , there are probably hundreds and hundreds of opportunities to buy puts on companies that are headed towards the shitter , or plenty of other options strategies to support both bullish and bearish positions on ... again ... thousands and thousands of stocks . Why on Earth would you dedicate yourself to buying and holding puts against Nvidia starting in June 2024 and ending in 2029 ? If you're not trolling , I seriously hope you realize how unguided your strategy is . Nvidia has a long track record of success and the leadership at the company is among the best in the industry . To think you know better than them ... despite not even attempting a DCF ... is idk ... delusional ?
It's an arbitrary round number . One that I once thought was unfathomable . But ... do the math . 55,000 X182 . \ ~ 2 for taxes . I'll probably keep 25000 and just ... diversify . I'm a good 15-20 years before an early retirement , so not bonds or dividend funds , but ... I'm not going to carry that much risk in on stock for too long . I wasn't ever going to buy more after buying the first 1000 shares in ' 20 and then ... that split and became 40 , and then it was just rolling in Sept when I sold investment properties , so I put some more in . Shit , I tried buying more at 92 a share , but Vanguard was down ( and I have just \ ~ 400 bucks from Dividends in Fidelity which is where I bought NVDA at the urging of a MS Analyst ( speaking of which , they REALLY are bullish on NVDA ) .
No ... they're not .
> are these employees expected to retain proficiency in not only CUDA but also the proprietary systems at each of these companies ? And what about academic researchers and independent developers ? Which frameworks / tools will they use if every company is making their own custom architecture ? Broadly speaking , most researchers and engineers are not directly exposed to CUDA . The CUDA / hardware aspects are abstracted away by PyTorch or TensorFlow , which are hardware agnostic . Only the infrastructure engineers working on , let ’ s say optimising the performance , are directly exposed . For most of these employees , switching between CUDA and a proprietary system will be akin to switching between C + + and Java , for example . It ’ s not trivial , but it ’ s in no way career-ending , or disqualifies you for a future employment role . [ This ] ( https://www.semianalysis.com/p/nvidiaopenaitritonpytorch ) is a good read . > Is that the period of time when their forward PE was the lowest its been in many , many years ? Ahh , good ol ’ forward PE ... My fair value didn ’ t change after the earnings report , but apparently the market ’ s expectation of growth amplified ( because it ’ s expecting plain exponential growth ) . This created a higher disconnect between my fair value and the market valuation , and the odds were ever more in my favor to go short . > Let me get this straight ... You bought puts without any clear picture as to when the stock make its ATH and decline ? It ’ s always the case though , isn ’ t it .. If you ’ re going long an individual stock , you believe it ’ s undervalued , but how do you know when the market will correct itself , if ever ? Also , you don ’ t know if it will decline further . In fact , oftentimes it does and famous value investors always talk about this . It ’ s just that with going long , more time is on your side ... On the short side there is more risk and erosion over time , and I calculated my risk-reward below and sized my position accordingly . > So are you saying that the AI products that these companies are building won't yield revenue or profits ? When do you expect companies to figure that out and abandon ship ? If companies abandon ship , do they risk losing to competitors who stuck with their AI projects ? I think some of them will profit , I see some directions have opened : 1 . Creative ( Content Generation ) . 2 . Automated low-level reasoning ( customer service , summarization ) . 3 . Repeated reasoning ( Education , Coding Copilots ) . However , it will be a small minority of the vast number of experimental projects that are going on , and this is to be expected with any new breakthrough technology . By the way as I explained in my original comment , the success of AI projects is not at all at odds with my thesis . The chip sales are part of the initial buildout phase , i . e . are needed to even get started with the AI projects ( training the LLM ) . The maintenance / run-rate of chip buys needed will be much lower once the infrastructure is in place , and the AI projects can keep going on . Also , for inference , the cost-benefit is much more in favor of ASICs , compared to Nvidia ’ s for training . > You don't even seem to know much about TSMC and what's happening on the leading edge . ( things like backside power delivery , bonded wafers , GAA ) This is a valid criticism . To be fair though , then you should also research what the competition is doing in this area . Do you have reason to believe that only Nvidia / TSMC are innovating here ? > You also don't seem to have actually crunched the financials to understand what the company is worth . I did , and did a terrible job at posting them on reddit , my DCF is [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/qvonRFeziF ) and reverse DCF is [ here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/F3Q47GrA7w ) . You will obviously not agree with my valuations ( otherwise you ’ d be bearish too ) , but yeah I certainly wouldn ’ t have this level of conviction without both the story and the numbers solidly falling into place . Also , you can ask all kinds of questions like why is my decline to $ 80B / year run-rate revenue and not $ 60B / year or $ 100B / year , so yeah some of that is arbitrary , but realistic , and is far far better than people over here just floating entirely arbitrary share prices without any financial valuation whatsoever . I also from time-to-time repeat the same calculation - in what world do I see Nvidia ’ s future cash flows discounted to today summing up to $ 2.5 T , and honestly , I don ’ t see one . If I start seeing one , I might sell out of my puts . > You do realize that between now and 2029 , there are probably hundreds and hundreds of opportunities to buy puts on companies that are headed towards the shitter , or plenty of other options strategies to support both bullish and bearish positions on ... again ... thousands and thousands of stocks . Maybe you ’ re able to identify these opportunities ... I ’ m not . Feel free to send me trade tips 🙂 If these strategies are so obvious , most of the time they ’ re priced accordingly by the market , or outside my circle of competence , where I cannot build the conviction .. Here I ’ m seeing a major disconnect in the market , where some ( rightful ) enthusiasm has extended several times over . I mostly glance over stocks ’ financials , and if nothing is obviously wrong to me , I move along . Nvidia already had my attention for months before I started looking into it deeply . It ’ s possible that another opportunity comes along , and if so , I have spare change for it as well . > Why on Earth would you dedicate yourself to buying and holding puts against Nvidia starting in June 2024 and ending in 2029 ? You mock the long wait , but let me show you some calculations . I bought the $ 40 NVDA puts for Dec 2026 for $ 1.7 / contract . If my target price of $ 25 is reached by Dec 2026 , that ’ s a payout of $ 15 / contract ( minus the premium ) . It is 7.8 x my money in 2.5 years . Not too bad I think . Actually , if I have to go the 2029 route and it has a probability of 0.75 to be successful , assuming the next put contract price remains the same , that is a yield of ( 0.75 \ * 15 - 2 \ * 1.7 ) / ( 2 \ * 1.7 ) = 2.3 or 130 % , in other words 2.3 ^ 0.2 = 1.18 or 18 % annualized . That ’ s market-beating returns . Just trying to show how the strategy makes sense given that I ’ m this bearish ( of-course you will think my $ 25 price target is ridiculous beyond wildest dreams , but just for the sake of the trade , let ’ s say it ’ s a given , then such is the calculation ) . > Nvidia has a long track record of success and the leadership at the company is among the best in the industry . To think you know better than them ... The leadership doesn ’ t set the stock price ... I have nothing against the business , I think the business is great , I ’ ve used Nvidia chips as far back as the mid - 2000s ... For me this is purely an overvaluation play , I just don ’ t see the cash flow valuation for Nvidia being $ 2-3 Trillion , no matter which way I slice it .
I'm about to take off for today so I'll respond to the rest later , but I actually did attempt both a DCF as well as a * reverse * DCF . I did a pretty sloppy job at transcribing them into Reddit comments , but the links are at the bottom of this comment ( sorry for sending you on a goose chase ): https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/aKTDrQRDMS Also quickly responding to this part : > Nvidia has a long track record of success and the leadership at the company is among the best in the industry . To think you know better than them ... despite not even attempting a DCF ... is idk ... delusional ? I never said I know better than Nvidia's leadership . They're not the ones buying the stock at this price ( talking about insider buys , not buybacks ) 🙂
Mate , you sound pretty deranged , no offense . I mentioned in my last comment that there are thousands of stocks to choose from and that between now and 2029 , there are surely better ways to deploy your money than PUTS against NVDA , especially with IV being what it is currently . For instance , have you considered buying puts against TSLA instead ? If you're bearish on this AI hype then how is this not a much better company to short sell or buy puts on ? Talk about an overvalued company . Anyway ... I appreciate the responses , but I have to say that the more I read your profile , the more I'm convinced that you might have some screws loose . Be careful buying too much into your hand waving , you know ? How much are your puts in the red today ?
Why would insiders be * buying * shares when they are already compensated heavily in RSUs ? I've worked for a few hot public companies and was compensated with RSUs . And even when the price was going up , I never thought " I should buy more . " Rather , I was often concerned that I was too heavily invested in a company that I was also depending on to pay my salary and commission . The idea that insiders at Nvidia not buying more shares with their salary , as the price is going up , means that they are bearish on the company is so so so utterly stupid . If Nvidia leadership thinks the company has topped out , why aren't they unloading way more shares ?
> Anyone got guesses on which direction it goes tomorrow ? Right -->
Nvidia always went in only one direction . You just have to let it be herself and don ’ t try to have control over her feelings ❤ ️
Everyone in here talking about up or down and possible gains , but I'm over here mad as hell at you for having a clean 5000 shares ... plus 0.0005 . Wtf man you were THIS CLOSE to a perfect flat number . Why .
Maybe down however after earnings up up up
Either 130 again tmr , or we trading down to 124-125 ish
Time in the market not timing the market …
Either up , down , or sideways , for sure
Wait until the earnings report on the 28th . WIth all the Blackwell hype , it " should " jump up substantially .
Is NVDA the only stock you hold ?
Thats the way
🕧 🕕
amazing
$ 135 tomorrow
I ’ m long but guessing red tomorrow
Google “ fed job revision ” and you ’ ll know which way stocks are headed tomorrow .
The chart will move Eastward
HODO
Congrats , every $ 1 move in NVDA , you make $ 5,000
Doesn't the fractional share just drive you nuts ?
With the majority of the gains coming from 2022 - early 2024 , it seems to have plateaued lately . Thoughts on if it's going to more or less be in line with the nasdaq going forward ?
You ’ re gonna leave out your day and total return , SMH
If it ’ s like last year then I ’ d expect it to maybe hit new all time highs right before earnings and then sell off afterwards . I ’ m long from a post split price of $ 42 and I ’ m for at least another year , but I think NVDA will chop until next year before attempting $ 200
looking at 115 possibly by Friday ... LUNR has the momentum now to potentially be 10 by Friday and 20 next weekend ... no financial advice here .
are you trying to flex with that amount ? Do you think it's enough to impress people ? LMFAO . There are many on this board that have more than you , myself included . But by all means , so us your paper account daily gains and loses , bro .
Expect a dip until Friday , and on Monday we go up again hard . Lol
Where do I buy “ right ” in options
↗ ️ ↗ ️ ↗ ️
lol well I ’ m more or less married to the stock until August 30th so as long as it closes above $ 117 I ’ ll be profitable .
At any given time I “ own ” a half dozen or so fractional shares . These are for companies I ’ m interested in / watching . I know you probably think “ aren ’ t there watch lists for that ? ” And you ’ re right , but the problem with watch lists is I end up putting 50 different tickers on there and it gets disorganized lol . Sorry if I destroyed your OCD , not my intent lol .
I ’ m still up I got in when it was a bit cheaper
When are earnings released ?
It's already 125ish this evening
I look forward to seeing what happens between now and next Friday .
Your analysis is still better than Jim Cramers lol
That would be an excellent outcome haha .
In that account , right now yes but I use this account for speculative bets and short term trading . The primary brokerage I have I don ’ t really touch because I don ’ t want to pay capital gains and it basically mirrors Warren Buffets holdings … just on a microscopic level lol .
Today is a good day so far lol
lol that would be insane .
Yeah but we have known about that for a couple days now … ..
I want it to go north east .
Oh I ain ’ t sellin tomorrow regardless
So long as it moves $ 1 into the correct direction haha
lol nah I like knowing no matter what I ’ ll always own a piece of it . Helps me keep track of things in that account .
My guess is it ’ ll follow the tech sector but overall I ’ d venture to guess it will still outpace it , presuming AI is as applicable as we all believe it to be . That ’ s the only gamble . If you ’ re a believer … . pick NVDA over QQQ . If you ’ re not a believer , then you ’ re better off with QQQ
It ’ s all in my previous posts , but don ’ t worry I ’ ll post this exact screenshot again sometime next week lol .
How do do you think it goes ?
Oof - $ 115 by Friday would be painful lol .
😆 lunr is a pump dump penny stock . It's not like it's jumped up to 10 dollars a share .
[ deleted ]
U just flexed back on him saying you have more lol . Who cares . He ’ s up ur up all be happy for each other
Pics or didn ’ t happen
Maybe OP is in the same boat I am . I can't share my success with anyone because I'm surrounded by friends and family who are broke AF , usually because they borrow money to buy junk and then don't have money to save . Then they get behind and withdraw money from their 401k to pay for the debt they are drowning in . So here he is , sharing his success , as will I when I hit $ 500k .
Theta gang
If you try to dump it after taking profits it might not be good to you . Try to stay loyal if you can , that ’ s the trick
[ deleted ]
That's amazing . Lmao
28th of August
Any green day is a good day . Looking to go to 1500 shares from 1000 if it dips back to 115.00
The Fed has not officially come out with their revision to show just how big it is .
I want it to to southeast until I cover some sold call positions then northeast
When it dipped below $ 100 recently , the headlines I was seeing was that the ai bubble had burst , or something to that effect , which had me worried as to if I should add , hold or sell . Fortunately , I didn't panic sell . I'm looking for opportunities to sell other things and consolidate , but trying to time it is probably not going to work well so I'm kinda stuck as to if I should just stand pat or make adjustments to my portfolio right now
if it's a carbon copy , then it would hit around $ 140 very close to the earnings and then the morning after earnings release it would gap open at new ATH ( $ 150 ? ) and sell off all day and that would be the high for several weeks as it slowly returns to 100-110 area for a bounce
yes ... didint want to take chance and cashed my chips on Nvidia ... as they say ' know when to hold'm and know when to fold'm ' ... will pick up once less than 115
Not that uncommon for a stock that ’ s 10x ’ d recently .
this isn't success . buying $ 600k of NVDA at 125 when you could have bought it at $ 100 a few weeks ago and then gloating daily about how much gains you made ? That's amateur hour . If you are buying NVDA at 125 , it's for the long haul so why the fuck post about your daily gains ? This is a paper trade by a high schooler who thinks he's a genius for buying NVDA at 125 . Par for the course in this sub .
I think NVDA is a very good long term option to hold tbh .
Nigga shut up , were in the game to make money not love to NVDA
lol it ’ s funny because there ’ s a couple fractional shares I ’ ve owned in the past that saw a 1,000 % + return haha . Had I went in on them , I don ’ t know what I would have done but I could have gotten several 8 figure windfalls lol . Coulda-woulda-shoulda 🤷🏽‍♂ ️ 😂
Haha thanks . It has worked very well for me for whatever reason .
And we are all hoping those earnings are good cause we don't need it to failing and then Sept month is always negative
Well I sure hope it doesn ’ t dip that low in the next couple weeks .
Well the information circulating Twitter a could days ago said it was 1 million - everything I ’ ve seen since then has indicated the number is less … closer to 500-600 k . 🤷🏽‍♂ ️
If it ends Aug 30th at or around $ 125 I ’ m happy
That ’ s crazy … imagine if it was actually something we could predict … . the money would be so insane lol .
It ’ s a fun stock , very intriguing .
Unless you see the next Tesla Boom like stock I think Nvidia is the one to hold .
Those 10 DTE long term options lol . I ’ m waiting for new 2027 options . Already got Dec 2026 $ 40 calls
At least to the end of 2026 ? Only then nvda can totally rely on It's data centre for revenue ?
[ deleted ]
The post said “ anyone got any guesses … ? ” So that ’ s my guess
agree
You sir , are absolutely not wrong lol .
lol nice , I should “ lock in ” ~ $ 40,000 in profit in 2 weeks if the stock closes at or above $ 125 next Friday .
Haha , there ’ s always next time , right ?
I like your guess lol .
Thank you sharing the DD research ! At what price do you think NVDA will be when Tesla and others starts shipping their AI robots in 2025 - 2026 ? The general public understanding of AI is “ chatgpt ” .
This is cool to read . Much different from the usual on this thread of ppl just saying they believe it will go to $ 200 a share in a month !
This is the good stuff . Thanks for sharing . Any idea what percentage of sales the AI chips were compared to other revenue streams last quarter ?
Thank you for putting together these bits of information . Nice Work :)
Great information 👍
I don ’ t think that GB200 NVL 36 will cost $ 2.16 mm .
Really nice research and summation . Thank you
Where does it say that the SKU cost 60k in your link ? I clicked on it and it's not an article ...
NVIDIA TO THE MOON
https://blog.ori.co/nvidia-blackwell-b100-b200-gb200
Thank you for this . You are doing the Lords work . 👍
I named my fleshlight Jensen . That ’ s my DD .
Tesla is a joke . I wouldn't look to them for guidance on anything . Elon lies constantly in order to kick the can down the road , but the fundamentals of the business are completely sour at this point . Until their products are actually shipped and independently reviewed , consider their plans to be what they are : vaporware
Who knows , its impossible to say a price ... why would you even ask such a question ? all we know is that Nvdia stock has a high chance to be performing well for the next few years .
definitely ! the funny thing is , there are still people in here asking what they think the share price will be 😂
I ’ m in !
offer alpha , get penis jokes . reddit is such a joke .
Know what ’ s not a joke ? The 911 I ’ m gonna take your mom out in when my puts print on earnings … .. like they are printing today 🤑
not before I pick up your mom in my urus . please buy more puts . short NVDA with leverage even .
Hell yeah ! My man ! Game is on . Going to the bank now for a 10 % equity line of credit to buy more puts
I used a heloc last year to buy 5 btc at $ 25k , look at us buddy , basically twins .
Bro , please tell me you paid off your loan . I'm not saying BTC is gonna crash but at current prices , you're up 130 % . Take some of that , pay off the loan . Keep your remaining BTC and your house .
I ’ m buying a second house for my wife ’ s boyfriend or I ’ m living in a cardboard box . Max leverage is the only way . That ’ s what Buffett says
next year I'll pay it off . bitcoin is going to run in october . pre election rate cut pumps will be historic .
I have some CONY . I hope you're right . Then you can pay of your loan and your mortgage [ if you want ]
RemindMe ! 2 months
I will be messaging you in 2 months on [ * * 2024-10- 25 20:07 : 50 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-10-25%2020:07:50%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ex161n/nvidia_dd/ljwpch0/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ex161n%2Fnvidia_dd%2Fljwpch0%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-10-25%2020%3A07%3A50%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ex161n ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
lol at this point I literally have no idea what ’ s going to happen day to day before earnings
🌈 🐻 GET WRCKED
I just sold all my shares , so now the price is sure to go up . You're welcome
Calm the fuck down all it did was not drop by 9284773874 4 today
I ’ m so happy I picked up some more at $ 98 .
Imagine shorting the most profitable company in the world
The rollercoaster never ends . Up and down left and right ! The fun never ends ! Hold on to yo butts !
The WallStreetBets NVDA put option screenshots today are epic .
We are so back
For real for real . ?
Starting tomorrow
I predict bull run until November .
BUY BUY BUY
Cult of the Generational bag holders
Ken and the boyz at Citadel got the price going wild AF .
Dont get your hopes up . We seen this before ... Hot one day ... COLD AF the next . Im on the sidelines via NVDL
Damn Right !
YOLO !
Idk man several charts are perfectly aligned to drop significantly .
These posts make me want to sell
Please stop
no one knows , got a feeling it'll drop near 100 again lol
I want to see earnings go brrrrrrrrrrr like Eli Lilly . Beat EPS by 41,68 % and revenue by 13,40 % DAYUM
lol with what money ? Trillions just exited the market , it ’ s not coming right back
We all got so used to seeing this stock * * ALWAYS going Up and Green . * * Now , numerous people in subs are posting things like NVDA is coming to an end . I don't know about you guys , but I am holding for long term .. Not for next week , a month from now .. but for at least a year down the road , if not more . P . s . The money I am losing on the stock , I make up with selling covered calls . Every little bit helps .
Nope
Im not selling … in for long time
Don ’ t worry the bottom hasn ’ t reached yet 😈
Carry Trade unwind not done yet . More institutional selling Friday
My new trading strategy : price up - SELL ! price down - BUY ! Guaranteed strategy to untold wealth ! ! Can't lose ! This market is bat $ hit crazy !
Stock go up . Obviously
I ’ m thinking we see staircase backup to 120 and then jump to 130 after earnings where it will stabilize
When you start seeing dumb shit like this you know it's a bad sign
Told you … 📉
we don ’ t want that at all . 😬
Careful what you wish for . Bears are stronger than bulls .
Thank you for your service 🫡
We thank you for your service
Lolllll why in gods name would you sell before earnings . Have you not seen the trend the last 18 quarters ? So dumb
You forgot a zero
What did I say ? Red again today smfh
Some people imagine they're smarter than average
What happened
Calls or puts ?
We ’ re not back before it hits $ 125 .
No
What ’ s starting tomorrow
TSM Crushed pre earnings
September * where it drops again , and the downhill train starts again
Are you sure ? Market gonna go down til Oct bro , then go up election day … Nvda 75 on Sep ? … 145 on 2025 ? I guess is more realistic guys .
Sell buddy . lol nobody cares
Nah bro you better run for cover 😂 😂 😂
Lol you don't even know what a carry trade is .
Told what ? LOL puts are about to come online brother . Puts are about to come online .
You see the bull in that video ?
Great minds
Buy low , sell high . This is the way
Retail investors shorted NVDA and lost big today .
Sorry this is almost a reflexive response in some amount of sarcasm from the GME crowd . Whenever predictions are made about a squeeze the answer is always tomorrow . The short of it is I don ’ t expect there to be a squeeze . ( But there might be one tomorrow ;)
Yes , I'm sure .
Puts are getting cheaper , time to load up again !
Hope so . Doesn ’ t look like it right now
Yes . A polar bear can eat that
Well , if you sold them for a loss buy back in and hold . With your loss you ain't gotta worry about capital gains tax .
Buy high , sell low . This is the true way
Is this guy regarded ?
What's it looking like for tomorrow ?
You know there ’ s a difference between shorting and buying puts , right ?
He gets it
I mean maybe but he ’ d be really full afterwards
Sideways . Tomorrow and the next day and the next day and the next day lol
My guess is that we ’ ll see the price reverse in pre-market or potentially get to $ 108 - $ 109 tomorrow and reverse toward 1 hundo again . ~ $ 106.50 could be a juicy reversal point Edit : my overall impression is that it ’ s not time to go long quite yet . Probably more downside in the short-medium term . Just my thoughts , not financial advice .
True . I want to play with a polar bear someday
Slow creep up into earnings Aug 28 ..
Nah , the reversal starts now . Nobody is letting this get below 100 . At some points the shorts will shit their pants and exit and it will go to 130 before ER .
108.72 is all I want to see before market opens today
They ’ re just like a slightly bigger version of my golden retriever right ?
Right ? ! It amazes me that people think it ’ s gonna see 90 ’ s again between now and ER …
$ 108 :/
Yup . And they are great at fetching ! So cute to watch them rip the whole jungle apart
Forgot to add : by jungle I mean anything around them
$ 108.72
Looks like the whole market is red today .
I see a lot of posts and comments blaming Market Makers or Pelosi causing rallies and sell offs as a blanket reason . It will be beneficial to all to learn how the economy works . For one , the Fed controls the market through rates , QE and QT . Every month for over a year since many of you decided to buy NVDA the market sells off before the following , Fed Meetings , Fed Decisions , and the market will chop around before economic data : GDP , PPI , CPI , PCE , Manufacturing , Jobless claims , non farm payroll . Depending on the data that can either create a rally or sell off . Options expiration with high open interest for the week will sometimes have market maker pressure . Earnings from the other 499 stocks in the SP500 can cause rallies and sell offs in the macro context with GDP . What happened this week ? We had a Fed decision yesterday , the biggest large Cap tech companies reporting , Jobless and Manufacturing data today and tomorrow is unemployment . And please resist with all your might to post about “ Pelosi ” being the reason behind rallies . She has nothing to do with it .
Because 3 weeks before earnings . It doesn't want to reach the top until then .
They want you to panic sell ahead of earnings .
Really ? The whole market is down . After the jobs number this morning the market is concerned that bad news is now bad news and Fed will be late to cut rates and the economy may roll over . That is why everything is down .
Really ? ? Losing yesterday gains just on the next day ? ? 10 % daily swings are insanity , pure insanity .
If anyone really knew the answer to this question , they would not be telling us . The market moves ... it goes up .. down .. When you believe in a stock , you just HOLD it ... and mute out the noise .
I'm buying more nvdl nvdu nvdx instead selling nvda .
I'm selling neck braces up down up down up down it's just unbelievable
Nvda consistently goes down on Thursdays in my observations
Today ? It is barely down after being up 17 % in a day yesterday …
Almost all the AI companies have mentioned cap ex increase and Nvidia is the only game in town till now , you do the math ...
Markets are insanely manipulated stop micro analyzing every move every single day . Nobody knows there is no real reason other than manipulation Qualcomm had great earnings beat estimates and theyre fucking raw dogging the stock for no reason and pushing sponsored articles making up nonsense reasons why .
We're ... still ... In ... a ... correction .
I ’ m panic buying lol
AMD had good numbers and I would expect NVDA to have good numbers since META reported their figures and announced serious CAPEX for 2025 . This I expect to have positive momentum for NVDA products as META is one of many companies that use NVDA .
[ First time ? 😏 ] ( https://imgur.com/a/HWSrYx4 )
Recession fears driving entire market . Buy more .
It's crazy how many people just make shit up on here . The entire market is red because the fed released info on jobless claims and it's at an 11 month high . This has spooked the entire market as the " we're going into a recession / doom and gloom " sentiment increases . The Vix index was over 19 today which is very close to it's April peak . The market is currently in an " extreme fear " phase where everyone sells off and no one is buying thus the entire market dumping . I believe unemployment numbers come out tomorrow and it could get worse before it gets better . Wall Street loves to overreact and hopefully unemployment numbers aren't bad tomorrow and we at least get a little green day as we head into the weekend as fear hopefully dies down a bit .
Zoom out If you can't handle the volatility then stick to ETFs .
It's just moving in sync with the rest of the market .
Added at $ 115 yesterday thinking we bottomed out , saved some cash to add more just in case - gonna see how low we can go today !
People are less confident in Nancy since it ’ s performed mid since she bought the other week
There ’ s a broad market sell and it isn ’ t limited to just NVIDIA . My personal train of thought is market makers are IV crushing through earnings . A lot of people are playing options unwisely and getting their asses handed to them . There are also hedge funds and investors taking profit and using algorithms to optimize their return vs retail . There are companies pumping for no reason and companies that are clearly being manipulated to leave bag holders in the hopes they sell for a loss which benefits MM ’ s and anyone now shorting a stock . Powell essentially avoided any rate cut commitment and the fear is they ’ ll be late to cut rates . The fed is in a very tough position and have to be late in my opinion . There ’ s also the “ rotation to small caps ” which is typically code for recession imminent and the easy gains are gone until rates come down and things equalize . The bull bubble we ’ ve been in seems to be ending . Price action is reflecting that . If you ’ re never selling , I wouldn ’ t worry . If you are worried , set a stop loss around $ 90 - $ 100 and reinvest once the stock seems stable . NFA just education on the power of stop losses .
I ’ m panic buying .
Stocks go up , stocks go down … you can ’ t explain that .
Today is about Israel-Iran fear . You can see everything is mostly down except defense stocks like Lockheed and Northrop .
Profit taking
This is why in the long term it is better to hold quality companies . People who try to time the market almost always loses out in the long run .
Everything is volatile today 🤷🏼‍♂ ️ it is what it is
Nvda moved up because amd did well Nvda moved down because interest rate is going down and smaller caps will be more attractive in short term compared to big caps .
I think this is going to the the new normal , at least for th next 3 months . Uncertainty is bad for the market in general , and there's a lot fo uncertainty about the political climate in the US . There has never been a larger gap in possible futures than what the US facing right now , and investors are skittish . The hate Trump and his chaos and anti-China popultist rhetoric , but they aren't crazy about Harris and the end of the Trump tax cuts either .
The entire market is down . Not just nvidia
Just about everything is in the red today ... NVDA is not omnipotent and invulnerable to swings in the broad markets ! My only ones in green today are BND and WMT . Diversification is the way .
best time to buy more .
panic buying too , if it drops more , then I'm buying more shares
I don't concern myself with the dips , I see them as buying opportunities . I bought 50 shares today to bring my total to 2000 shares . My average cost is just a hair under $ 32 / share . I bought most of my shares ( 1000 split adjusted ) , in 2019 , those have a cost basis of less than $ 4 / share . I think there is a lot of upside still . I may have to wait awhile , but I've been doing that already anyway .
I guess I should appreciate that we still up after yesterday , but the drop today doesn't surprise me at all , which I've said all along . Hoping we continue to go up over the next few weeks till earnings though
A bunch of manipulation from hedge funds
#BUY THE DIP
The tech markets are correcting - it ’ s been a relatively smooth upward year so there ’ s that . And constant uneasiness with the Middle East tensions , and uncertainty with elections in America . Nothing in particular the whole market recently is taking a hit
IT'S NOT GONNA GO UP EVERY DAY
I shifted my assets into NVDA after the initial drop thinking " there's no way it'll drop more " . I made a calculated decision , but boy , am I bad at math . Should have just waited another day .
This is people taking profits after a 12 % day .
If anyone really really knows why , they would be a billionaire and spending their time in their yacht and not on Reddit .
They want you to panic sell before earnings So let ’ s panic hold / buy
today initial claims was higher and ism pmi was low ... tmw we get the employment report , people are afraid we are going to crash into recession however if u study charts , the ic levels are same as last year same time ... after bell amzn will report and likely beat , tmw report likely ok , likely end friday super green
IDK but I sold 35 at $ 120.15 after hours . Wondering if I should buy back now or wait it out a little longer haha
I'm surprised you asked this question today when it's red and not yesterday when it was green for the first time in a while . It's been volatile everyday .
It ’ s just following the market right now
Guys … tf . You broke NVDA
Nvidia is on a rollercoaster ride
I bought an option that expires after earnings … I may even double down if it continues to push downwards 😳
Market sentiment and mixed economic data .. not sure how long you've been a NVDA share holder but it's always been a high beta name .
Because it ’ s a volatile stock
Look at all the other tech stocks , they are all down
The antitrust US investigation definitely doesn't help
The entire market is a blood bath today … .. delete your apps
( Market is in correction for weeks ) ... " Why is NVDA still going down ? " We're still in a correction people !
Because VIX is so high , market is just a crazy casino .
Bought back my covered calls at loss as they had moved a fair bit in the money . I was expecting prices to bounce back up only to see them wind up below my strike an hour later .
I find it funny that for some time a stock like Nvidia has been moving like a penny stock .
NVDA led the market higher . NVDA will lead it lower . There are many macro events to trigger a sell off . NVDA holders ’ fingers are on the trigger .
large holder selling off in batches .
The whole market is red today not only Nvidia . NVDA stock should be luncky to not having a huge dip like Microsoft , AMD , ARM , and Broadcom . These stocks are already down like around 30 % and AMD is down around 50-60 % .
Comfy holding and waiting
The whole market wide pump started in Oct 2023 on the promise of 6 rate cuts by the Fed . Fed fund futures betting on at least 3 cuts of . 25 each , staring Sept . The market is now pricing in that expectation , just as it priced in the promise of six rate cuts in the 1st half of 2024 .
Really thought AMD saved our butts … 😕
Just today ? 500m volume daily rocking the charts 😺
All the stupid option and day traders
While market sold off
I ’ d say buy it now while it ’ s only slightly above its $ 89 Trefis market valuation
" just for fun he says - get a job - "
Economic data . Yesterday Powell spoke . He said some positive things but also I believe left some confused near the end of the press conference . Today new data came out . Economic factors have a big effect on the majority of the market . All big tech except Meta were red .
typical market rotation from AI -> Trump Trades -> stock benefit from rate cut
Look back in 5 years
Time to buy more
Fucking hell
Load up !
Calls 🤞🏻 🍾 🇺🇸 👍🏻
The great thing about panic is that it doesn ’ t differentiate between good and bad stocks . Everything gets drug down together . Great time to go shopping for quality .
JFC the money is leaving the markets to find safer places why would NVidia not be affected .
Simple terms : We ’ re getting into tax loss harvesting season with big funds that take profits . Weak looking Unemployment numbers serves as a catalyst . War in middle east may be escalating . Rotation also maybe into bonds , with interest rate cuts on the horizon .
it's really volatile ... stock are volatile and a relatively new one in the big field is very volatile , and there's a lot of randoms speculating theories out of their asses what do you think stock is ? if you want safe get a savings account
Lmao , this sub a week ago : next week will be volatile as fuck , so many techs have their earnings reported This sub this week : why is nvda so volatile ?
Should have sold early morning and rebought later
Elizabeth Warren just sent a letter demanding and investigating to see if any wrongdoing from NVDA on how they became a . $ 3 trillion company in so short period of time and I think this is the main reason why is dropping so fast .
Because it ’ s Tesla stock 2.0 and anyone that doesn ’ t sell now at the top will be left holding the bag
It's still recovering from the correction . As long as the daily low is higher than the previous low , no need to panic .
YESTERDAY . WAS . A . DEAD . CAT . BOUNCE . NVDA volatility is the same as the rest of the market but beta is way higher nobody knows why this stock works in mysterious ways .
You guys need to come to reality and realize that invidia isn't worth 3.5 trillion dollars . It's not even worth half that . You keep buying the dip , we're headed to 93 then 55 . You going to be financially devastated at 50 ? I see people full porting nvda at 130 + doing giant $ 160 call orders .. Have yall looked past a weekly chart ? This is a pump and dump in the crypto world . Enjoy the ride I am going to get rich shorting this .
I'm seeing a lot of comments but none that actually provide an answer . The reason is simple : It's really hard to say at this point in time how Nvidia will be doing 5 years from now . The AI boom could be huge and this sub's wildest dreams could come true . Or it could turn out that AI is not as big as expected , or maybe a competitor shows up earlier than expected , bringing the margins down . As a result , the range of projections for Nvidia is insanely wide . If you look at the analyst price targets on Yahoo Finance , you'll see that the low end is $ 50.30 and the high end is $ 200 . The high end is 300 % higher than the low end ! Compare that to an established " boring " old company where the outlook is much more predictable , e . g . Coca-Cola ( KO ) . Low end is $ 65 , high end is $ 76 , that's only 17 % higher . Now because the range of projections for Nvidia is so wide , any tiny bit of information , as insignificant it might seem , can throw the market's projection all over the place . Simplifying things a bit , a 1 % change in Coca-Cola stock is as significant as a 17 % ( ! ) change in Nvidia stock with regard to the respective analyst price target range .
It ’ s doing the same thing it did last time before earnings
Bouncy kitty cat .
Panic sell . Also , AMD did good . So I ’ m sure people were shitting bricks before earnings with sell orders placed to break even
I heard options manipulation . Should be interesting Friday .
🍿 🍿 🍿 🤣 🤑
sell and buy back in at $ 60 after earnings
Momentum swing for possible recession . Everything selling off
People are concerned that we are in an generative AI bubble . Expecting NVDA to continue to be able to sell AI chips at this rate is a little silly . At least that's why I sold 80 % of my NVDA stock at \ ~ $ 120 , around the time Goldman Sachs went full anti-AI . Got in at $ 19 / share , so I'm happy .
Just red and red and red . Honestly the biggest L stock . Hence why all the NVDA insiders are selling . Should ’ ve sold yesterday . First green since the stock split it feels like .
Because Gay
I ’ ve been day-trading this so it ’ s my fault . It ’ s been nerves the entire time . Thanks for the liquidity .
people who buy a stock because a senator buys are absolute morons who deserve to go bankrupt
DOJ manipulation
Sold some ( not all ) today , will hopefully buy back at 95-100 where the shorts meet the buyers . Probably sell most at the earnings pop and buy back in November .
Natural retraction post a 17 % upside . People are cashing out , that ’ s a good enough return . 17 % vs 5 % drop , still up 12 % , just regular market . Me ? Happy , I ’ m buying the dip again , $ 135 when esrnings come , happy days
NVIDIA Is Absolute SHIT
It's Nancy pelosi's fault .
Only thing green in my portfolio today is utility and my wm I bought after the dip 🤣
the market will be red day after day after day after day until the gr8 rot 8 m8 is over
> She has nothing to do with it . and she doesn't even trade . Her husband was a successful investor before she was ever elected - since they are married she has to report his trades .
You left out technical selling . Algos compound the swings in a big way .
This should give everyone a good overview . Never start trading without a look there first ! [ ForexFactory ] ( https://www.forexfactory.com/ )
I need a planner to mark all these days down . I could probably make a killing buying and selling strategically around those dates . Right now I just hold and wait . Nvidia isn't hurting for business and they still don't have a real competitor . You'd think that would be enough for some people to not worry .
You sure about that ?
I'm panic holding
If Nancy Pelosi ain ’ t selling , * neither am I *
Who ’ s they ?
I really feel this as well . Im waiting for meta connect my end for a rally to .
There's worry by analysts that the capital investment required for AI application does not produce the corresponding profit . It's simple fear mongering after the numbers show capital investments in AI may not produce the short term profit expected by the markets . It may be a longer " play " than expected .
One could also project that jobless numbers will continue to rise as AI is implemented .
perfect time to cut rates for the Dems - Powell needs to go
This here , I figure 2 % up and down here and there but 12 % and 10 % down the next day feels very much like manipulation on a grand ai auto investment type bot or something . Would only be fitting
too much dum poo poo heads trying to panic sell and make market go down while ik in the long run im going to be making money
Hey , on which platform are you trading ETFs ? My IBKR account doesn ’ t give me permissions for it LOL
If it goes down further , will the Etf go in minus or how does it work ?
Doesn ’ t this have something to do with options or something ? I swear I read a detailed explanation of why Thursdays are often the roughest days in the market
Barely ? Down nearly 5 % , loss of $ 125B market cap ..
Yep ! And AMD released great revenue growth numbers and they have nothing on NVDA . Excited to see Blackwell forward guidance
bubble
But who does NVDA use ? ARM is forecasting slower than expected growth next quarter .
So you do not think it's war fears related ( Iran v Israel ) ? I feel like it's multiple factors combined . But it's odd that nvda is sold off along side amd more than other stocks . It might be due to ARMs EPS guidance below analysts estimates .
111 for me as it trickled down to 102 . It may go below 100 but I sure don ’ t expect it . I ’ ll buy more if it does ! 😎
Nanci Pelosi can explain
I see what you did there .
Not sure that's the case . The Dow is filled with stocks that should benefit from rate cuts , and it's headed for it's worst day in four months .
Whats ur avg ?
Also , I know from experience that if I sell thinking " it'll probably go down some more , I can average down before it recovers " that's the exact moment a huge rally will begin .
Why wouldn ’ t they be on their yacht surfing reddit
Wondering if appl will rain on our parade
You should probably just buy and hold . 35 shares . You get it at 110.15 and you make 350 bucks . I'd just buy the shares and let them sit ... but you do you .
Same . Might have a little more room to go down then I ’ ll get back in
Same I wasn't expecting this volatility . But I sold 30 % of my holding til things settle a bit
Pretty sure it has to do with ARM . because both nvda and and got biggest hit , the rest just 1 % .
Great company but sadly it went down yesterday after an all around beat on economy fears . Today ’ s numbers just made everything bleed more . What I want to know , is why was META green during the bloodshed . 🤷🏻‍♀ ️
That's not it . they are down 1 % not 8 % , the only reason related to AI is ARM missing the mark .
Did you even read my post ? or just the title ? I'm saying how could a stock with this market cap move 6 % up and down 4 times in few hours . This is well known for penny stocks but not for mega stocks .
can you do that ? where ? my broker says it's pattern day trader and limits your account if you buy and sell same stock in 1 day .
[ deleted ]
I wondered how much this anti-trust news might be affecting the price . France also announced a month ago that they were going to investigate . Interesting pair of words those : Invest vs investigate .
Lol Did you hear about Martha Stuart saying Elon is trying to run too many companies at once ! ? ! So she bought a Rivian this year . 😂 🤣 🤣
Today's low is \ ~ $ 4 lower than yesterday's low . Time to panic ?
Beta is literally math . If beta is greater than 1 , then it's more volatile than the broader market .
BS , the whole market is bleeding due to macro
Thanks mate for actually answering my question instead of answering my title 😅 That makes more sense . Also makes sense
Yep . Bunch of those panic sellers were hating life yesterday ! ! ! 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
You guys really think a 650 % return in two years is not related to a bubble ? All I'm saying is its a good time to lock in on some gains , try to balance your portfolios a little . If the volatility is making you want to throw up , you are probably overly-invested .
the NVDA insiders are selling to diversify . It is so dumb hearing people talk about Jensen selling 240k shares . He owns 830,000 , 000 shares . He's going to keep selling those chunks for the foreseeable future , because that's a majority of his income .
I don't get the relation but I think my post got hijacked as the daily discussion by everyone 😅
LOL ... why not ! People want to blame everything else on some wild conspiracy ( I'll assume you're being sarcastic ... if not ... it's less funny and more sad ) .
Don't be so naive 🙄
Yes the TA is another concept but I was focusing on Macro .
yea you could , but you could guess wrong and lose
Yes
The copium is hard with this one lol
I ’ m panic buying
This guy gets it
I am panic .
Same ! Not buying , not selling , just doom-checking my account and lie-promising to not check again in 10 + years
I ’ m panic hoping ( for a drop even lower ) to buy more
Holding a shit in my pants too
Me too
Agreed . Nancy would not buy before a bad earnings call . She just bought . The entire market is down on recession fears today .
This .
It ’ s absolutely disrespectful for calling her by her name . She is the “ Queen ” 👸
Them .
The liberal left
There is an insane hype for sure . I caught the beginning and now I am done and watching , until after the US presidential election that it . Too much uncertainty . The 2 candidates couldn ’ t be more opposite . 2 major directions it could go . To much unknown . No matter the solid fondamentals of Nvidia , it is the hype that is driving now . It is unpredictable , stop loss or not .
Just say you make 500k a year and 6-10 yrs experience in everything they will give you permissions
Schwab
No , ETFs cannot go negative . They CAN hit zero , though that would usually mean the ticker becomes delisted . Unless you are borrowing on Margin or trading in options / futures you can ’ t lose more than you bought it for .
Fridays coming
This game is not for the faint of heart . People need to just relax and be patient . Wait for earnings . Bottom line NVDA makes chips that everyone needs now and in the future . For me it ’ s a long term play . I ’ m a long holder . It ’ s funny sometimes watching the panicky types that play options . Need to be careful and just hold long term .
Yeah ... barely . It's also 11:30 . Jesus ... people really can't deal with this .
You are invested in a high growth tech stock 5 % is nothing
If you wait for it to drop further to comment , ofc it is different . Still relatively doing better than the rest of the semi industry today .
I literally just explained it to you . This is macro related . Fed released numbers that weren't good for macro . Wall Street overreacts and goes into doom and gloom mode where people sell off and potential buyers sit on and sideline and wait for an entry point .
Just bought more @107 . 85 couldn ’ t help myself these numbers are golden
Why would you sell to avg down ? You mean buy ?
Those were some extra I had bough with this last dip . It jump to $ 120 and I said fk it , it'll probably pull back again and here we are haha . I'm holding 200 right now . But I did buy some of that 35 back .
And today ? ?
I have a cash account and i don ’ t do trades frequently or daily . Also i think you could do 3 trades per day upto 25k on a margin account .
Idk if it's the same across all brokers but usually you are allowed 3 or so day trades within 5 trading days
[ deleted ]
This people just want to control everything
OP did not ask why NVDA was down , but why it is so volatile . " The whole market " was up ~ 2 % yesterday and is down ~ 1.6 % Today . NVDA was up ~ 12 % yesterday and is down ~ 7 % today . My previous comment explains this difference in magnitude .
Diversify to assets that are actually increasing , not decreasing . Assets being left unsold are technically not an income , they ’ re equity . He ’ s keeping the rest for long term obviously but we ’ re not all here to play the long term . It ’ s not just Jensen that I was referring to btw , multiple NVDA insiders sold and followed suit .
I only brought it up because OP ’ s question was about volatility ; algos have a large impact on volatility . And I ’ m getting downvoted ? Must be the people thinking pelosi has more impact today than technicals .
This is too funny . You make a highly detailed and well articulated comment that encompasses the entire situation , with a clear understanding of both macro and micro economics , and the only response you get is ... " You sure about that ? " Lmao this sub looks more like trash every day . Thank you for being a voice of reason and truth in a cacophony of emotional children .
Amazing response , I love how people absolutely cannot handle when the market goes and markets . “ It ’ s manipulation ! ! It ’ s a scam ! Market makers squeezing retail buyers ! ” No dude , the market is doing exactly what every level headed or experienced investor warned you it would do when you decided to get into individual stocks that have high volatility . If it were JUST Nvidia having this level of volatility while everything else was consistently green … . it might be worth looking deeper into , but when the entire market is swinging sideways this is just what markets do . ESPECIALLY nearing summer ’ s end before an election cycle when a lot of retail investors tend to get nervous , or families taking a final vacation before school starts .
This guy really gets it
F yeah ! Im buying . Cheap tickets to the moon
Ha I just bought 10 shares before the market closed
I panic about panic buying , then buy and stop panicking . As long as I watch the movement for 15/20 minutes with charts next to me , I find my entry point and stick to it . No changing the limit order . If it fills , it fills .
I'm buying .
And I ’ m Holding , nice to meet you !
Hello there !
hi panic , i ’ m dad
Calm down buddy
You don ’ t need any minimums , rite ?
> Bottom line NVDA makes chips Well , they design them .
No they really cant pretty much all investing subs are cringe and single stocks are the worst of them all
Today the entire market is red because higher unemployment and ppl are afraid of a recession . has nothing to do with nvidia
what is cash account ?
Fidelity ?
[ deleted ]
Rather tax everything . France has an issue with cutting heads and taxing the rich ! !
She hates capitalism
You have a valid point and I use TA daily not only for intraday but for swing and adding or trimming to positions . I always have a 1,5 , 15,30 minute and a 1D chart open for my main positions . On those charts each has a 9,15 , 20 , 50 , and 200 day EMA moving average , along with a RSI set to 20/80 and the MacD and auto Fibonacci . I tend to only trade 2 to 3 stocks at a time . Get to know the whole business , how the charts move , news , events and how the macro economic picture plays into it . I am very aware of IV and taking advantage of IV crush since I mainly trade options . Tradingview has excellent charting with some algo indicators that can detect bull and bear flags among others .
No you're very right . That stuff needs to be outlawed , and here's why . Cable TV ( and sat for that matter ) from basically the mid 70 ' s to the mid 90 ' s . Those idiots at those companies seriously thought they had the silver bullet to protect them from theft of services . Meanwhile comedians STILL regularly make jokes about one person on the block having a cable account , and 172 wires leading to their back yard . Never mind the scrambling from cable , and satellite . That was another black market business all by itself . The point is today it's the big banks . Tomorrow it's anyone that knows to download something from a " warez " site , or whatever it's called today , click click click through the next's , finish , and poof you have something comparable to Goldman Sachs running in your basement next to the washing machine . What will the market be reduced to then ? A battle of CPUs ? It will end up being the root cause of financial collapse the world over if it's allowed to reach that point , and if history has taught us nothing else it most certainly will . Y'all can downvote if you wish , but that only proves your ignorance of how the world works . THE FRIGGEN INTERNET itself was nothing more than a DOD initiative . Now it's everything around you , including a masturbatory tool for the lonely and / or deprived . Algorithmic trading will eventually cause the demise of our markets and subsequently world economies if it's not nipped in the bud soon .
You're welcome . Just posting things that were helpful and insighful for me when I was learning economics . Appreciate the kind words .
I panic bought too early and am now panic holding
3 minutes too early
LOL
My exact thought lol
Nope
Both
Yeah ... It is kinda like rooting for your favorite sports teams . I'm excited as shit about the Earnings and future . If that flips , if there's signs that companies are cutting their CapEx on AI ... I'm out . I don't have an emotional attachment to this . Now that shit isn't happening , it's going the OTHER way , companies are * increasing s * pending . I said yesterday , I thought it'd go up after earnings , but could still trade down between 110-120 and people said it wouldn't go back below 115 . And when earnings come and it runs up to 150 like it hit 140 last month and then drops to 125 , 130 , the people at 150 are gonna freak out .
Ok … technical analysis says it ’ s going to continue down not just today but next week too
Check your account type
Wrong thread .
This is why you keep panic buying every week lol . Suddenly you accidentally DCAd your way to a better position while everyone else was holding a bag
Just keep panic buying !
And what do we learn with technical analysis ? it could be wrong alot of the times . Also fundamentals are important , don't ignore them .
Too fast too early , like she said , lol . My apologies .
Technicals in general are right unless news comes out to change it . If your looking at a 1 min chart , they ’ re all kinds of wrong . Basing on Daily , 2day , and greater you get a lot more insight into how the stock will perform .
Sick . We ’ re making stacks tomorrow boys
Does this do anything ?
I had no idea what a carry trade was ... i think this makes sense of it In this trade , investors borrow cheap yen and deploy the cash into higher-yielding assets elsewhere , like US stocks . As the yen strengthened and borrowing costs rose , investors taking advantage of the carry trade received margin calls , sparking a wave of selling around the world . Note the story didn't factor in that the BOJ isn't raising rates ( right now ) ... but seems like a slow unwind is in the mix vs a violent change in direction ? [ JPMorgan says the carry trade that pummeled markets is only half done ( msn.com ) ] ( https://www.msn.com/en-us/money/markets/jpmorgan-says-the-carry-trade-that-pummeled-markets-is-only-half-done/ar-AA1okBsc?ocid=BingNewsSerp )
Another article : https://www.investors.com/market-trend/stock-market-today/dow-jones-futures-market-rally-nvidia-super-micro/?src=A00220
Oh yes a short squeeze due to the massive * ( checks notes ) * 1.14 % short interest
Where is the article on the BOJ and its official stance ?
Nasdaq futures up over 1 %
They just admitted to the market being so unstable they are unable to raise rates . More red tomorrow .
QQQ SPY XLE and others are all trading higher tonight …
So the entire world economy rests upon BOJ not touching the rates ? Yikes .
Meanwhile Powell won ’ t move a muscle unless he ’ s scheduled to
Any good news red , bad news more red . Then inexplicable large jumps . Prob better to just sit tight , close your apps and come back 8/ 28
What does this mean for nvda stock ? I am new to investing , would love to know !
Pussy
SMCI earnings though .
Jesus , I can ’ t imagine this happening for real . That ’ s the most clownish timeline we are in . Nonsense circus level achieved .
Maybe but then there ’ s that the SMCI news that could drag Nvidia down through the end of this week and possibly into next week
We have 10 minutes left . Still waiting for that short squeeze .
They just admitted to how unstable and fragile the markets are . I wouldn't be surprised to see another - 8 % day tomorrow . It won't be pretty for the next little while especially because of news of Blackwell delays .
Mega cap fall since July has been because of this carry trade unwinding . If BOJ is not going to raise rates , expect mega cap tech including NVDA to rocket higher .
I looked up the short interest on NVIDIA just for the laugh . Did not fail to deliver . Short squeeze inbound !
Short interest unties you are looking at Ortex is more than 15 days delayed . Platforms like Ortex show live t data , but even that is not a 100 % accurate . Also , I know you are not looking at Ortex , because I am , and those short percent figures you quoted are wrong .
Short interest reporting is delayed , also self-reported and poorly regulated . It's better to have independent analysts to determine an approximate real time short interest .
It's a statement from the governor or deputy for boj
https://www.reuters.com/markets/asia/boj-wont-raise-rates-when-markets-unstable-deputy-governor-says-2024-08-07/
With Japan backing out of increasing rates , it gives him less reasons for emergency cuts . He wont be there in January , he's gonna go
NVDA may have been heavily shorted recently because a lot of NVDA investors are amateurs that will panic sell . Monday's market drop was expected to happen again and again , so shortsellers may have jumped onto NVDA as a sure-thing easy gamble . Now the Bank of Japan is backtracking their plan to raise interest rates , which will probably cause NVDA to rise instead of fall , so shortsellers would be smart to buyback NVDA shares . But shortsellers are notoriously dumb traders , so they could just hold or double down on shorts .
Shouldnt affect nvidia much , 3 % down + Japan not raising rates is like 8 % up . I expect a 5 % green day to $ 109/110 :)
You ’ re probably right , just because I posted that .
Yes ... but in the big picture , ~ ~ blackwell was ahead of the normal 24months cycle with a whole 12 months ... so a couple of months delay should be nothing ~ ~ . AMD has slower chips than the H100 and very very low production capability ( compared to Nvidia ) .
Maybe but Blackwell delays are not near as big of an issue - they ’ re still be displayed in the second half as planned , yes it ’ s not good that they ’ re delayed but almost any company goes through rough patches where things don ’ t work out because we ’ re human - we ’ re not perfect and we mess up I agree though that the market right now is fragile - almost on thin ice . Any little news seems to sway it either down a lot or up for a short time which makes sustained rallies harder
I think red tomorrow
If you think this was the only reason it ’ s been falling , that ’ s crazy
it's only 1.19 % that's nothing
what does this mean for me ? 30 share at $ 110 avg
How off could it be ? To have any chance of a squeeze you typically want at least 10 % …
What does Ortex say for OI ?
Thank you !
People say shorts are dumb , but they play in a market where the default direction is slowly up . They exist to find over valued companies and be able to have the right timing . Alternatively they need to find companies that won't exist for long so they don't have to pay back that short . There's very few retail shorts so if you aren't a good short seller you're probably not gonna have a job for long . Or you're andrew left and you have a con going .
No , Blackwell isn't ahead at all , what are you talking about ? Volata 2017 Ampere 2020 Hopper 2022 Blackwell 2024 Nvidia has switched to 24 month cycle with Ampere / Hopper . Blackwell was released as scheduled years ago . Also Hopper was also ramping throughout 2022 and in smaller volume . The large production increase came in 2023 . People misunderstand that between announcenment and meaningful revenue it takes easily 1 year with data center products . See AMD , MI300 was released December 2023 . It just now has reached $ 1b revenue in a quarter . And the new 12 month cadence isn't at all about new generations . In 2025 , Nvidia will release a better Blackwell chip but the next generation Rubin will be 2026 which again is 24 months later . Release fully new generation in a yearly cadence makes no sense as you have to consider node progression . Otherwise , you might end up release 2-3 generations of GPUs on the same node which is a waste of R & D money because the generational leaps will be too small without node improvements .
If you have shorts on , the best option is to cover them tomorrow . The NDX futures went from negative 1 % to + 1 % on this news . Once the market opens tomorrow , and funds can put on the carry trade , it will be a violent short squeeze .
You were right .
Prepare for a sea of red
Probably $ 169 / sh by end of week .
Yes , you are right . Thanks for the correction !
Can you share any resources that dive deeper into these timelines and the thinking behind these strategy decisions ?
No shorts , i just want some recovery , even though I'm not selling it just wanna see some green
I was hoping to be wrong
Minimum
Touch some grass ! ;-)
Last time they released this , it hit the Bull # 2 target in a few months . It ’ s obviously not guaranteed that history will repeat itself , but FYI
This doesn ’ t take into account its current PE . It would be irresponsible for them to apply a 76X multiple for a target . But I can 😃 . That would be $ 449 ! ! !
Remember when I was screaming HOLD ... Buy the dip ... Hold ... buy the dip ? People were messaging me and posting that I was a Bear trying to get people to fall . Glad those that listened , did . I even lost money buying back my covered calls . I knew it was going to go up . Way up ... Glad I did ...
I figured today would be a decent day - I didn't expect this good though . Very , very nice to see so much green
Time to reload for round 2
I wish I could make up some numbers be terribly wrong most of the time and still have people care about my opinion . Seriously do some homework on historical price targets on just about any stock with them . You'll be shocked ( not really ) how off they are
It appears their consensus estimate is $ 136 .
Bull 2 works for me .
Considering that from 1 trillion market to be spent on AI , only about 70b went to nvidia and arround 15 to the rest ... We have at least 3 more years of growth .
Hoh ? 154 base target huh
How would they have such high margins in the bear case ? Surely they would be forced to cut prices to slow a sales decline .
Everyone staring at bull # 2 and blind to everything else
If you look closely , even the " base " case has 173 revenue , which means revenue would be running at about 45-50 rev per quarter by Q4 . With expected 30 % growth in 2026 , stock price should be pushing 200 by EOY 2025 based off forward PE of about 35 . So even the base case shows that there is a lot of room to run up .
Very strange to me that market share don't appear to change from bear to bull case
# Goldman also has a Bear # 2 target of $ 49 #
cray bull target but nvda did hit the price target in the past .
Loving this ... Can't deny . See you at 2030 :)
Thank u brutha
Anyone who thinks NVDA doesn't grow 100 % ( min ) is living under the rocks . F8k GS , $ 280 is the real street price for 2025 based on current growth and margin.It can only grow higher . NVDA - Biggest & safest wealth generation option in our lifetime .
Idk when to exit this position I got now ..
Can you share with us or PM me the full equity research report from GS ? I really wanna know how they get their assumptions for both bear and bull cases . Thanks
I did the same , NVIDIA is unmatched company
Yeah I invested my measly 3k I had as savings . I spent it all buying at 87 , haha
Depends if margins contract .
That ’ s the IQ test lottery pick . You can make a fortune selling $ 49 NVDA puts !
Yes , but that was $ 28 the last time they published this if I recall correctly . So , even that has almost doubled . What does that tell you ?
> F8k GS , $ 280 is the real street price for 2025 based on current growth and margin.It can only grow higher . How is this calculated ? Just interested
Nvidia is literally eating the lunch of every big tech company in Silicon Valley . All other Mag 7 companies are buying their GPUs . It's fucked up but net positive for shareholders
I read recently , and I think it make sense , is knowing what your initial investment is , and when you reach a certain threshold of profits ... for instance , 300 % of initial investment , you take your initial investment in profit . So if you initially invested 25K into NVDA , when it reaches 75K you take $ 25K in profit . Just one time doing this and you have locked in profit forever as you're now playing solely with capital gains money . Or , and this is probably a better idea , just let it sit there . There is zero chance that NVidia is going to zero .
when it ’ s red
AVGO has something to say about that ...
Me last night : I should ’ ve bought NVDL , I am an idiot Me Today : should I buy NVDL ?
Both may make you money . If you're wrong , shares are safer . They'll make you money eventually if you're wrong short-term
Finally saw a green in my account . Not trading today . Holding onto my shares , NVDA can swing + / - 20pts .
Everyday there ’ s 5 posts like this
just buy shares , too much vol in options at the moment .
Watched my $ 117 calls dwindle away since I bought them 2 weeks ago . It's been a lot of fun ...
Shares don ’ t decay 🤔 the choice is simple
If Lord Pelosi buys shares , you buy shares
Buy LEAPS ! !
Sold all my puts today . Probably should have held them
I entered in fomo at 116 or something , now deleting my broker app
My guess is if INTC earnings are bad , NVDA would drop initially and rebound later in the day . Mark . My . Words .
Just a regular day for nvda lmao
Are you panicked yet ?
My opinion for what is worth . This mess is not NVDA related . Geopolitical uncertainty , a dogmatic fed who refuses to lower interest rates and a sense of panic in the market are to blame for the drop .
Buy shares , sell calls :) OR sell puts , then buy shares when it gets called :)
You cann wait for 100 $ or friday evening before the ring bells . Next Tuesday SMCI will show earnings and i hope it will bring all the stocks up . expected eps : 8,21 previous eps : 6,65 previouse previous eps : 5,59 Guidance maybe 10 eps ?
where I am ... everyone lives and dies with Intel . Didn't really take a Wall Street idiot to tell it was going to have a bad earnings call . Intel is certainly independent of Nvidia . It will be Nvidia what will put the market out of the duldrums ... but not sure how that continues for Sept / Oct ... notoriously the worst months of the year for the stock market .
Or just get puts and sell same day for a quick 5-15 %
INTC is real ugly
I almost bought calls when it was at $ 101.50 🙇‍♂ ️
Don't ever buy or sell in panic mode .
Spam both buttons furiously and let random gods determine how much shares vs calls get bought
At this point , I just stop looking at my Robinhood . Just keep working until you are close to retirement , then you can make more sound , educated decisions . The nVidia shares I bought are for the long run . I bought Intel and its doing well at the moment , but I am taking a long term wait and see approach with it also .
I fucked up and bought 1000 shares at $ 137 a few weeks back .
What about panic sell ? ;)
time to buy $ 90 puts
ease in maybe ... I went all in on Thursday ... and I KNEW to wait . My original thought was to buy on Monday .
i went deep into nvdl last week before the huge drops .. one of my biggest mistakes ever .
You could exercise the call options if you have that kind of money .
Fact
Probably right … but I hope not . INTC is my least favorite ticker , bastards . Wonder how AMZN and AAPL going to go too .
Almost bought some this morning . Figured I'd wait it out
TSMC sales on Fry
This company is just getting started . Why would anyone sell right now ? I'd sooner start donating plasma .
You will be fine .
I'm assuming they don't .
I can answer that I have AMZN ( took a big hit today ) , and AAPL ( meh , no gains ) .
They started long time ago , you bought the top of a bubble
i doubt it but thank you ..
It's still goin up in the long run .
NVDA only succeeds if the hyper scalers that buy their products succeed . Microsoft Google nets Amazon to be precise
No money left … should have waited before buying at 109 . I ’ m just playing the waiting game now .
The volatility for this week is not over . There ’ s going to be a full week of Japanese selling to cover positions .
[ deleted ]
How many decades have you been " investing " ? NVDA is not " the market " and nobody knows what either will do . Hope you have a healthy mix of diversified investments and wish you long-term success .
I did too until Robinhood canceled my trades
Today was not a market crash
I had enough to buy a couple extra shares which is great for me . I plan to hold for 5-10 years so I buy every dip I can
I ’ m hoping you ’ re right for sure but how do we know it will last and is not just a one day bounce back ?
I brought 5 more today at like $ 100
Friday is right around the corner . Time for another crash .
I got screwed up by Robinhood 24 hour / 7 day market . I have a small account there . I looked last night and some semi leveraged etf like SOXL was down 23 % last night . Then the Nasdaq futures down 2 % . So this morning during premarket I sold almost half of my SOXL position ( anyway I want to transition to the USD ETF which holds more NVDA and is less voltatile ) . I sold at $ 23.7 . Now after hours is up to $ 30 + . I sold also about 10 % of my NVDL shares , which I am up 100 % on a cost basis . Big mistake . Probably I lost $ 4k in selling pre market . Usually I stick to the plan . Long term capital gains and not sell . I did not stick to the plan . Probably it will cost me some capital gains taxes , although some lots have been so at loss . To add to this , Schwab brokerage website and app was down due to technical issues most on the morning and I could not buy stuff when it was clear things were less deep red than early in the morning . Robinhood is good only for looking at the 24 hour market , but it backfired , it triggered some panic in me . Also Robinhood does not allow you to select which share lots you want to sell . Only first in , first out by default , causing you a much larger tax liability . If it hadn ’ t been for Robinhood I would not have seen those Sunday cratering valuations . Jerome Powell is again too late and in denial . Too late at being aware of inflation and raising the interest rates . Now too late to lower the rates . He disappoints those on the left by creating so much unemployment , and at the same time he wrecks the markets . I will drink a glass of champagne when he leaves .
10-11 am will tell
Why is everyone sure this is the bottom . I thought 98 would be yhe bottom back wheb it was in the mid 110s but I was wrong ... and given the delays , the japanese stockparket collaps and the recession in september ( or when its gonna start ) , it might go lower .
Well lets see … . Feel like it will be a very chaotic week
i cashed out my NVDA puts at 92 for a 300 % profit , turned around and bought more shares with that money at 95
I am afraid of a dead cat bounce
🤣 a lot posts are hilarious these says . One day it ’ s the great 2024 depression is upon us . Next day bear market is over , full steam ahead with investing your life savings . Can we string a couple green days / wins before celebrating ? At least wait til earnings and hopefully a rate cut before then ?
It isn ’ t over
60 shares 30 across both accounts . Commission check * * gone . * * Hopefully come the end of I ’ ll be making big gains .
If I could have fucking logged in I was ready to really bet the house .
Is it really over though ?
It wasn ’ t a global market crash . We ’ re not even down 10 %
Adding another 400 shares 92.75 … my BE now is 98.50 … 1000 total , CC weekly are comming …
I had a dream it went to $ 238 .
The most surprising thing today is the lack of a bounce . The market isn't convinced things are rosy ..
No , had to sell off stuff I didn ’ t want to sell in order to avoid a margin call . Would have probably been fine if it didn ’ t nosedive . But I do wish I could have bought nvda in droves . I really wanted to .
Could be a dead cat bounce
Got a couple more at $ 92 lol . I keep buying the dips .
At least it ’ s up to 105 in evening trading
Really weird to see futures up > 300 points
I might be in the wrong here , but the resistance we saw over going beyond 100 this monday is not a sign that it will go up for me . Could go up for tomorrow , but this week is red .
Woke up late ☹ ️Got 100 shares at $ 100 . Nice round number at least . I saw people posting that it'll go to 80 or even 60-70 and got scared to go bigger .
I ‘ m usually very optimistic , but vola is still super high . Also , have you ever heard of bull traps ?
Wish I did at that price , but I wanted to see if it rebound a bit first .
its amazing how so many ppl here perfectly time their trades , always selling right at the top and buying back right at the bottom .
You're cheering way too early
lol ... wait till it drops - 10 % again , then go back up + 10 % and repeat . It'll be a rollercoaster from here .
This can continue for months to come , unfortunately . At this point , there is no way of telling if it is over or not .
Over ? Doubtful
Wanted to pick up some shares at 100 on Friday . Thought I had missed out lmao . Scooped some up at 93 yesterday
Crisis over ? Quickest global markert crash ? This This is not finished yet
you know how the stock has been down the past month ? can we just have it trend upwards for the next month ?
Of course . I bought 100 shares @ $ 95 ..
These are the type of people that base 100 % of their decision making process on price
Bought cheap nvdy quick during the crash cuz im already holding nvda and cant spend more cash .
I sure did
Crisis back on ?
It ’ ll be 80 when the design flaw escalates s
No , my deposit hit this morning 😭
I mean , did you see the SMCI earnings ? Looks bearish to me .
Hey hey .. Buy ! Buy ! Buy ! - Nsync
show the order filled at $ 92
Don ’ t get me wrong I ’ m happy for us Nvda investors . And everyone is now expecting the run up to earnings and pop after the 28th . But Nvda does not always pop after earnings , and we ’ ve seen more than a couple stocks tank recently because their earnings are slightly less than stellar . With the Blackwell delay there may be a small earnings gap this quarter which would be enough to send it back down very quickly . Long term I ’ m bullish but short term I still see some pain ahead .
It ’ s back down clown . $ 100 now . Dropped $ 7 today .
Got 107 shares at 94.22 .
Crisis over so far lol .
Less of a market crash and more or less alot of rich people and companies getting fucked and pulling out to cover their ass before actually crashing . Apparently , a big trigger was Japans banks raised interest rate in the first time in forever ( cuz the yen was devaluing too much ) while the US wasn't in a good place to follow suit . Basically really rich would take out loans in Japan then buy and sell from one country to another at extremely low rates to make a profit . Increasing interest on Japans end killed the profit making ability of this strategy , and the US not raising the interest rates basically reversed the money flow . This required alot of companies to pull out quick and hard to avoid going into debt . Because a sharp drop other companies and individual traders also pulled out . If you heard other reasoning , it doesn't mean it's less true . This is just a primary trigger . This is a great opportunity for personal portfolios to swoop in and take greater control of the market . This setback is only affecting corporations and short-term trading , so hopefully , this is reassuring to someone .
That was not a crash . This could get very very ugly as the institutions take their profits as they already have been doing
He thinks it ’ s over
World war 3 on deck . Shots fired at Israel / Iran border . Would not say completely out of the woods yet ...
Just a dip . When Israel and Iran start taking heavies , that will be a crash .
Today was a manufactured algo dip to test key resistance at 424 on QQQ . As soon as market opened buying started . QQQ to 454 by Friday and by end of August or September a retest of the all time high of 502 . Stonks only go up
Either way , it ’ s not a healthy market to fluctuate like this
Nope . It ’ s going lower It would be now if they hadn ’ t suspended overnight trading . If there ’ s a jump between 8p m and 4 am then you have manipulation going on .
Doesn't mean there isn't one around the corner though . Election time can be rough !
Me too . Wish it didn ’ t go back up so fast
Fk I just want my $ 120 csp to get assigned lmao fired my dry powder too quickly
Someone promote that guy that said 103.18 to hedge fund manager
yep ! ! got some all dated calls too
I tried but they revoked my buy 12 hours later and removed my shares I bought in the middle of the night . I set a buy at 91.7 $ for nvda and got it , they took my shares away half a day later ! ! ! Just gone from my portfolio . I guess I caught the bottom that night and they didn ’ t like it .
The trend is down for a little bit , imo . Come back in 2 months
Same here !
Nikkei closed up 10 %
How low do you think it'll go ?
This ^ 1 day doesn ’ t start a trend , so watching carefully . Seems Feds announcing rate cuts , & markets moving other direction in post hours .
Give it up bear . Youre getting cooked !
Damn son . Well done
* Me looks at 60 shares … * God , I ’ d murder to have your job … and your username too . You good at thumb wrestling u / Thumbszilla ?
Damn , you are set
F u and congratz !
Sheesh how much money did you spend
Damn . In terms of amount how much are you up now from that purchase ?
I'm not American . I live in one of those 3rd world countries with massive interest rates so stocks is a healthy smaller part of my life . My biggest sin is keeping most of my stocks on tech companies , but I'm working on fixing that . NVDA alone is about 70 % of my stocks portfolio .
Robinhood canceled mine at $ 91.55 got in at $ 95.22
Same here but with ibkr . Sniped 92 , only to buy at 98 later . Was pissed beyond belief
And to declare it over without knowing what's coming tomorrow and onwards is ... rich .
I know . It was ironic , you probably didn't see the same professional twitter market analysts I did .
[ deleted ]
🫡
You know they can see how much margin is being used in the markets and know a sell off forces people to sell shares at discounted prices ... Really shouldn't use margin other than for short term and low amounts
Could be a dead cat strapped to a rocket that will blast off to the moon where it will implode violently into a giant green blast wave and rain down green into our portfolios
I love how people say this to sound pro 👆
Who knows or it could rebound with AMD and Palantir having good earnings and Nvidia earnings coming in a few weeks
What border ?
! Remindme September 1 , 2024
! Remindme September 1 , 2024
It ’ s very healthy actually .
Its not health for markets to always go up . Because this time around we bulled like no tomorrow , the dip was more pronounced .
Just ignore the market until the 8th .
I ’ m no fortune teller . But the Japan Nikkei market just rebounded 10 % today after dropping 10 % yesterday . So expect a green rebound day for the US tomorrow morning . But that can be met with up and down days this week because we don ’ t know how deep the margin calls are over there .
Full transparency I have a big position in NVDA . I do not want a bear market . I ’ ve just been around longer than you to know that it ’ s up and down during volatile periods .
I previously had 2750 shares but sold at a higher price and bought back in with more shares at a lower price .
late by several seconds got in at 99 feels bad
Son got more money to begin with than any of us
60 smh , I ’ m scraping the pennies to buy one
Schwab f'd me
They gave you all the information you need to figure that out .
As long as you ’ ve weighed all the risks , I support your allocation .
Never have one stock be above 15 % of your portfolio unless you feel like gambling . You should have atleast 70 % into index funds
Make bank , then emigrate
How do you like IBKR ? I just signed up .
If it dropped to 80 , you wouldn't have been pissed though
It ’ s only the beginning . Hopium will make you a broke pup
lmfao
That's my signature move .
Do you know what a put is ?
I hope so
Yeah I am sure you love it
Lebanon / Israel Source X confirmed
All the loses occur pre market . That's HFT algo dumping . ! Remindme September 1 , 2024
I will be messaging you in 26 days on [ * * 2024-09- 01 00:00 : 00 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-09-01%2000:00:00%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1el4mua/crisis_over/lgpf2ww/?context=3 ) [ * * 2 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1el4mua%2Fcrisis_over%2Flgpf2ww%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-09-01%2000%3A00%3A00%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201el4mua ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Why the 8th ?
If margin was still being called in , Nikkei would have gone down more today . 10 % up indicates the forced selling is over . It still might go down on more fear but 10 % days either direction are highly unusual .
if you look at the Charts , nvidia drops before almost every earnings out of a debate on it being good or bad . This seems to happen with most securities unless there is enough hints that it will be amazing .
Earnings this month . Very slim chance it drops under $ 100 . It will be a big run up until earnings .
You win
Good job timing the market
What really feels bad is Schwab and others blocked log ins so people could not buy that 95 dip ffs .
I mean … yes potentially … I could do the calculations myself
Even if NVIDIA was to close doors , I'd be ok . Ty baby .
Concentration is how you make money . Diversification is how you keep it . I've made a few hundred thou in 2 yrs in NVDA , and now I'll put that in an index fund . I'd rather be rich when I'm young then wait until I'm retired . HOWEVER , having NVDA 100 % of your portfolio now is foolish . It's already run up to 3 trillion from 500 billion in 3 years . Those kind of gains don't repeat themselves .
are you serious ? lol . Put money into index is gambling . Because NVDA is what drive the index . No nvda , no AI , no other tech stock . At least for 1 year from now .
Its great , but there was system malfunction on overnight trading session , many people are mad because of this
is it easy process ? do they require some info / letter from your banks ?
I trade on levels , I saw 102 being violated with a lot of bad news , so 90-95 was next support , if I saw going beyond 90 I would buy more at lower prices . Still have some cash if it goes down again , but a miss is a miss . Lost 3k on that trade being cancelled
Why is every time the stock goes down the beginning ?
Ahh ... missed the " put " part :P
Sorry I meant 28th
JP Morgan said the unwinding was only half way through . https://youtu.be/DPVfS6_9oFU?si=xDo3bjv5l92YOslM
“ Big run up til earnings ? ” — why do you say this ? How do you know ?
brother it ’ s dropping below 100 tomorrow
If he had timed the market , he would ’ ve bought at $ 91.50
Potentially ? Open a calculator .
Calculation ? Ninja , you're acting like that's a complex equation .
Guess what ? Nvidia could go to zero and the SPY would only tank 5 % . That's less than it's current correction . Saying index funds is gambling and nvda is safer is probably the dumbest thing I have ever read on this sub ...
... wow . Just ... wow .
No I didn ’ t have any issues
Guess you need better levels .
How many red days before trend ? NVDA could be ( and is ) a generational growth story ... AND be massively inflated by excessive liquidity right now .
Because one of these times , it will be .
Why the 28th
Swung by to high five you on this .
Wtf u on . He did time the market
He could only buy 91.50 if he traded 24hrs .
Cult status to some now …
Nvidia going to zero is absurdly unlikely and the company is literally considered a national security assets to the US government . I ’ d be shocked if the stock ever went below 70 dollars again .
I mean my 92 buy was a good snipe for short term , so idk about better levels
Yeah ... when the earnings report has red all over it . It's not going to have any red on it in Q2 .
It ’ s already here or haven ’ t ya ’ ll noticed ?
Earnings is on the 28th
I wish I were wrong as I ’ m sitting on 1200 shares but I have 20 years before retirement
Every man to his opinion
True . I am in the wrong for assuming he did
And even if the absurdly unlikely situation occurs , that's still a drop in the bucket for something like S & P 500 , and even smaller in a global diversified ETF .
I said could . Settle down .
Why did you sell it and buy back at 98 then
Uh nope . All it has to do is provide \ * slightly \ * soft forward revenue guidance and the stock will pull back 20 % .
I'm still upset at you for missing " Hopium will make you brokium . "
Quarterly earnings ?
Bruh .
What are you talking about ? Where did he say he sold it only to buy it back at 98 ? He TRIED to buy at 92 , his brokerage was down , he was able to buy at 98 . Where's the selling come from ?
So NVDA comes in at 30-31 B , 77 % margins and says , " Blackwell is expected to ramp up significantly in Q4 , next Q we project earnings of between 30/31 b again and for the 2nd half of the fiscal year we project ... lets say instead of 80B it's 74B . You think it's going to be down in the 80s at that point ?
Hahaha Yes ! ! Love that expression too ! ! 🤣 🤣 🤣
Yup !
Am I wrong ?
Oh . Guess I don't know what sniped means . Fidelity worked fine this morning .
How do you have " significant ramp " of a new product but same earnings as last Q ? No . You need to beat and raise and beat and raise . The moment you stop doing that , you're going to pull back 20-30 % ( given the valuation / multiple NVDA is currently getting ) . Have a look at SMCI after hours trading and be sure to grab some popcorn .
[ deleted ]
Are you serious ? How do you have a ramp-up of a new product in the 4th Quarter but that does not impact the 3rd Quarter ? Because it won't be out until the 4th Quarter ... And now it's going to pull back 30 % ! LOL ... ok , then buy it at 70 . I don't care . If you're going off SMCI earnings , then why not GOOGL , META , AMZN , MSFT , TSLA , TSM ... all of which have provided far more information about CapEx for AI spending over the rest of the fiscal year ? There's going to be a jump in earnings this Quarter , I don't know what happens in Q3 , it may remain flat-ish ( though they're always conservative ) and then forward guidance will be significantly better for the next 2 Quarters . But ... again , you think it's going to 70 , wait and buy at 70 .
I shall never surrender ! Babushka will be mine !
Yeah , I'm not saying it happens this quarter ! But it will . GPUs are a CYCLICAL business . Jensen is doing all kinds of magic tricks to make us forget that . But at some point , a cat will fart near the forward revenue guidance numbers and you're going to lose a quarter's worth of gains . Hopefully just a quarter ... Don't forget that every barber and janitor and granny own NVDA now too . Losses will be exacerbated in the quarter that spooks them .
I don't think you understand what you're talking about ... I think you're just repeating talking points . Is this like the Dot Com boom ! LOL ... No , the only issue in the near future is the inability to supply the demand for the Data Centers . It's got fuck all to do with being a " cyclical " business , it has to do with the cooling component on Blackwell . That's the ONLY potential issue with Forward Guidance . But I get it , it's easier to read YouTube comments than sit through the very long earnings reports ... like Amazon who just said they're VERY early in the AI data centers ( 90 % onsight , 10 % offsight and they expect those numbers to flip ) ... which tells you what ? CapEx on AI is expected to increase to 1.3 T by 2030 . They don't even need that . But the fact that you don't even know what I'm talking about makes me wonder ... why I'm bothering here ?
Did you say GPUs ? You honestly think Nvidia's greatest asset is GPUs ? You're in the wrong sub reddit . Roblox is that-a-way !
I was typing in a meeting dipshit . Calm down . I'll leave it up as penance . My broader point still stands . Would you like to argue it ? Nothing goes up forever and investors have pulled forward a shitload of growth into current valuation . NVDA could come out Aug 28 and say it negotiated peace in Palestine . But if the street expected a cure for cancer , the stock will drop ( or granny will get confused and sell ) . I'm not arguing fundamentals or moat . I'm arguing valuation and expectations .
Nobody cares about your guild meeting . You said GPUs and you meant it because you specifically used the word cyclical . There's nothing cyclical about AI . It's forward moving , and that's it . And you're wrong about nothing going up forever . The stock market goes up forever . The housing market goes up forever . When these things stop going up forever , none of this will even matter .
Lol . Hardware . NVidia sells hardware . Not AI . Not solutions . Not services . Hardware ... that supports the infra ... That supports AI . And that hardware doesn't need to be purchased every year . It needs to be purchased every 2-3 years . That's called a cycle . Now go get your fuckin shine box . I'm kidding . But seriously , it hasn't FELT like NVidia is cyclical because this is the start of a massive new wave that had some initial investment to clear . That happened . Some more will happen . And then NVidia will slow . Problem is , it's not priced for slowing . It's priced for ultra growth . I'm not arguing against the long run bull case . I'm arguing that people who get a paycheck and immediately plow in are insane . And , side bar , this sub is cultish and defensive as fuck .
Also , NVDA DOES have a quiet moat problem . Some of that galactic , unending capex by the cloud hyperscalers the other guy mentioned ? It's gonna be going toward the development of proprietary chips . Hyperscalers want the whole AI supply chain . That's not a problem for NVDA now . But it will be and it's a hit to the long run bull case .
I can partially agree with this . What they sell is more than just GPUs . They sell the hardware that supports the AI machine . I don't think it's as cyclical as you think . As the AI computational requirements grow , so will the demand . There's no real cap , not like with GPUs . I'm not defending Nvidia , I'm defending AI , just like I did when the Internet first took off and goobers were calling it a fad . AI is the next Internet .
CUT MY LIFE INTO PIECES
Even better when you have 2X leverage on
Flash Sale ! BUY for the Long .
Does it mean we ’ re going to have a huge rally to end the week ?
Easy fix , buy , open next year . Profit
No better feeling than watching my once very valuable options contracts getting closer and closer to being worthless lol
Imagine being the investor of SMCI lol
Imagine a snake coiling up . Poised to strike .
Buy Buy Buy
Looks like I ’ m swapping my nvda for NVDL today
Buy the dip . In one month , you'll wish you did .
You remind me of a girl that I once knew
Yesterday was the day to buy some SOXS . Sold this morning , loaded up on NVDL . Rinse and repeat every other day . 10 % gains every day .
How the times have changed . This flipped super fast .
Idk i bought here lmao
Boo hoo lmao .
How are you now ? Happy ? I'm happy today . You'll be happy tomorrow , and on and on and on till the end of time .
Imagine not buying here . Imagine panic selling now and then missing out on massive gains 2 years from now . Mindset , mindset , mindset .
You really did not see this coming . Please look back before the split and tell me you did not see this coming . Hold on tight . This company has good fundamentals , but the rich like to play , buying a ton of shares , and dumping them quickly . You can buy tons of shares of almost anything and dump it with a little movement . But long term investors add during dips . After many years you can take small profits and let the rest sit . Many bought nvda in 2021 and after the split it declined to 100 dollars and it came back . Nvda will do well long term but to repeat this years perfoance is not a reasonable expectation . Many stocks have rallied on sentiment and hype . A great earnings report , sentiment and hype are a great combo for an epic rally . This company needs to have continued good earnings reports and we all need to hold tight .
The candle burns at both ends
I'm waiting for it to drop to 80 at least before buying
Everyone's optimistic . Nvidia makes a ton of money . It's tough to keep adding NVDA as I watch vrt or pltr earnings beats and jumps . Do smaller suppliers have a higher ceiling at this moment or just shock momentum . ?
Sorry lost job in hurricane fucked
Not tomorrow morning
My NVDA puts are doing great . I hope the stock goes up some more before crashing so I can buy more cheap puts .
Back to Junes price .
Yup . I too am in the red , but this dive is a good news and its healthy . I hope it can stay like this for a few months until i get my hands on some funds and buy more to avg down . Then NVDA can sky rocket to the moon after Blackwell and the Q report .
Good it needs to be like 70 . Over valued crap
This is my last resort
Here here , brother .
NVDX
NVDL
Absolutely ! I love when great stocks go on sale .
Remember when it went up 15 % for a day then all the way back down ? 😂
! RemindMe 146 days
Hear hear
Smci was the greatest joke this year
At least I only have one share of them lol .
dell , hpe , vrt , smici . Fight hard each other to make NVDA rich !
That meme of the kid drowning in the pool while there is already a skeleton on the bottom
Only the snake has been defanged
Only to find out . It wasn ’ t a snake but a penis with a bday hat and a surprise
In the toilet , and its brown
You just cursed yourself lol But good luck !
hey bear got to win sometimes .
I hope you meant to say a few weeks … if it stays like this , then it ’ d mean the earnings would be bad or the guidance is bad
I will buy each time it drops by $ 10
You ’ re absolutely right
Should be less than 40 a share , probably closer to 25 , per reasonable valuation criteria
Suffocation
That may happen again this week
Yep , great times for all !
I will be messaging you in 4 months on [ * * 2025-01- 02 03:08 : 59 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-01-02%2003:08:59%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1emvdqa/no_better_feeling_than_opening_up_trading_view/lh7vuhk/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1emvdqa%2Fno_better_feeling_than_opening_up_trading_view%2Flh7vuhk%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-01-02%2003%3A08%3A59%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201emvdqa ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Ehm , year is 365 days
3 dollars to 11 cents as of this morning
That's some crazy nose dive though .
imagine buying more of them
Never saw this meme . 👍🏼
Curled up and ready for a bedtime story
I'm used to getting downvoted on this sub . * Cries in NVDA puts . *
Well , im in for a very long investment . So i dont mind the dive for now and i dont want to missed the dip as well . I mean , for those people that wanted a quick bux , this is definately not a good idea . But lets be realistic , the market is having a large correction , the dive is healthy . No one gets to aky rocket forever . That being said , people won't buy if it gets more and more expensive . Always remember , we are at the early stage of a human technological revolution for AI . Just like Internet and smart phones . We are like year 2 in AI ( to be very strict , its year 1 for the actual effect to take in since chatgpt ) . Dont forget NVDA is not your average lousy company , they delivered their promise on every graphic card performance . Lets just say " what couls go wrong " for a company that tops largest cap before and is likely to top again soon ?
It ’ s funny how culty most Reddit groups are tho 0 logic just to the moon . Buy hold average down sell coverwd calls and puts
I can't tell if this is just really stupid , or if you're serious .
No breathing
it happened yesterday ! from 100 to 108 in a day , then back to 101 at close and 98 pre market !
it ends in 140 herpderp
As you wish . ! RemindMe 365 days
What exactly happened with smci ? I know it was hyped up stock but how did it lose so much ?
RemindMe ! 2 years
I'm dead serious . Here's my calculation in another thread : https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/lFsltNNle3 How many people on this sub have done a DCF valuation to come up with their price , instead of just floating their " gut feeling " price ? I don't think many . Most people here probably don't even understand business fundamentals . Just set a RemindMe for 2 years , and we'll find out who ends up being correct .
I ’ m being serious lmao 80 bucks is a good price to earning and price to sale ratio giving me enough reason to buy more and take the risk . 25 is a joke I ’ m hoping most people here just want shit to moon
Don't give a fuck
No moat and compressing margins against a rich valuation .
Giving all their $ to NVDA basically
Ok ... so now when you say 40 a share an closer to 25 , are you talking about after another split or are you talking about it losing \ ~ 80 % of its market cap ? Also , please RemindMe ! 1Month
Yeah ... you're definitely being serious .
If NVDA bleeding ...
Could you explain this like I'm 5 lol ?
Second this .
Losing 60-80 % of its market cap , but not in a month . In 1-2 years time . Don't come back to me in a month telling me that you were correct . My thesis is based on the hyperscalers spending slowing down because 1 . They have ramped up their own chips . 2 . They have enough chips . This is going to take 1-2 years . Again I'm telling you , not in a month .
\ * guitar solo \ *
What they make is not hard to copy and other companies will offer the same product soon if not already forcing SMCI to sell its product for cheaper and therefore reduced profit margin .
LOL ... I don't care . Your premise is on AI dying out or NVDA being caught in a year or two when they're already lapping the field and CapEx is expected to go from \ ~ 120B to 1.3 T on AI Data Centers in the next 5-6 years . But good luck kiddo ! You're basically telling the Ford Motor Company they're not going to be able to sustain success ... so , we'll see !
This is my last resort
Ah makes sense . Thanks
Your worse case is 10 years of 15 % growth ?
You think that the company should currently have a market cap of 6 trillion ? Could you please further elaborate ?
I have no idea how to read this .
This assumes they keep innovating without a hitch and maintain demand ?
If it is then I retire at 37 .
Plenty of critiquing but at least his analysis was a sharable effort . Haven't see any others ...
To determine if this valuation and the assumptions behind it are realistic , we need to consider several factors : # # # 1 . * * Growth Rates : * * - * * Scenario 1 ( Worst Case ): * * 15 % growth for the next 5 years and 10 % for the following 5 years might be conservative , considering NVIDIA's historical growth rates , especially in the context of its dominance in the AI and semiconductor space . However , it's not implausible if we assume market saturation , increased competition , or macroeconomic challenges . - * * Scenario 2 ( Best Case ): * * 25 % growth for the next 5 years and 20 % for the following 5 years are optimistic but possible , especially if NVIDIA continues to dominate emerging markets like AI , data centers , and autonomous vehicles . These rates suggest strong belief in continued innovation and market expansion . - * * Scenario 3 ( Normal Case ): * * 25 % growth for the next 5 years and 12 % for the following 5 years seem to strike a balance between optimism and realism . This might be considered a reasonable estimate assuming continued growth but accounting for some market maturation over time . # # # 2 . * * Discount Rate : * * - An 8 % discount rate is commonly used in DCF analyses for large , established companies . It reflects the opportunity cost of capital and the risk associated with the company's cash flows . For NVIDIA , 8 % seems reasonable , but some might argue for a slightly higher rate given the volatility in the tech sector . # # # 3 . * * Terminal Value : * * - * * Terminal Growth Rate and Multiple : * * - The terminal growth rate reflects the expected long-term growth of the company after the projection period . The rates used ( ranging from 2 % to 10 % ) seem within a reasonable range . - The terminal multiples ( ranging from 30 to 45 ) are higher-end but might be justified if NVIDIA continues to grow and maintain its leadership in high-growth markets . However , multiples in this range assume strong long-term performance and a favorable economic environment . # # # 4 . * * Intrinsic Value and Implied Share Price : * * - The implied share prices of $ 141.28 ( worst case ) to $ 398.73 ( best case ) encompass a wide range . The weighted average price of $ 263.14 falls within the mid-range , aligning reasonably well with the market's expectations given current valuations . - Whether these figures are realistic depends on whether the growth assumptions are met . NVIDIA's current market price is likely reflective of a strong growth outlook , so the best-case scenario might align with more bullish market expectations , while the worst case could align with a more pessimistic view if growth falters . # # # 5 . * * External Market Factors : * * - Consider the broader market environment , competition , technological advancements , and potential regulatory challenges . These factors could significantly impact NVIDIA's future performance and , therefore , the realism of these projections . # # # Conclusion : - * * Realism : * * The analysis presents a wide range of possible outcomes , which is good practice in valuation . The normal case seems reasonably realistic , assuming NVIDIA continues to grow but faces typical market pressures over time . The best-case scenario is more aggressive and could be realistic if NVIDIA significantly outperforms expectations . The worst-case scenario , while conservative , could be realistic if growth stalls or the market environment worsens . - * * Caution : * * Valuations are inherently uncertain , and the assumptions in the model should be scrutinized and updated as new information becomes available . It ’ s also important to compare these results with current market prices and analyst consensus to gauge the model's alignment with broader expectations .
There's fundamental flaw - its continuous math . This completely ignores how companies work , especially the develoment cycles , generations and deployment phases of hardware .
My these on the basis of AI revenue below : # AI Revenue : 1 . Search Revenue : $ 225 Bn 1 . AI will generate answers ( with sources ) that will replace links on search results . Shift from quantity to quality . Understand that it will disrupt the current agreements with content creators 2 . Cloud revenue : $ 300 Bn , 20 % CAGR 1 . Data centres have a trillion dollars of capex , which now has to be replaced with newer chips . Amazon's CEO mentioned that only 10 % of infrastructure is on cloud , and they see continued growth 3 . Productivity gains : $ 460 Bn 1 . Fortune 500 companies have a revenue of $ 41 trillion , with about 15-20 % in wage bills . AI is expected to increase productivity by about 25 % . Even if we assume 15 % productivity improvement and that 50 % of revenue flows to productivity enablers , this is about 460 billion ( 41 \ * 15 % \ * 15 % \ * 50 % ) 4 . Other use-cases : $ x bn 1 . Mobile devices : Apple Intelligence to go mainstream on 1 billion + devices 2 . Palantir is showing sharp increase in revenue 3 . Software like Grammarly etc are now available in every device Overall , I think annual AI revenue stream is about $ 900 bn , 10-15 % CAGR . it has been theorised that for every $ 1 in AI revenue , about $ 0.25 will flow to [ AI chip companies ] ( https://www.sequoiacap.com/article/ais-600b-question/ ) . So , I expect Nvidia to have a steady annual revenue stream of about $ 200 billion (8 0 % market share ) , which will be front-loaded ( even $ 250-300 billion over the next few years ) because the capacity either doesn ’ t exist or has to be replaced . Stead state net income of about $ 150 billion * * Assuming a multiple of 30-35 ( on par with MS , Apple ) , I would expect Nvidia to trade at about 4.5- 5 trillion , which equates to a price of 180-220 . * * Few takeaways : 1 . Chip stocks are cyclical , yes . But I expect steady state to be much higher than the current revenue levels .
Thank you for this DCF analysis . How did you end up with a discount rate of 8 % ? With a risk free rate of 4 % and NVDA ’ s beta of 1.7 I would assume a much higher discount rate than the assumed 8 % in your model .
1 . Discount rate too low . Risk free rate of 4.5 % ; market risk premium of 6 % into NVDA beta . Add both and you should be around 13 % - 14 % 2 . Terminal multiple too high . Should be in the teens . Or alternatively you cam extend for 20 years and do no terminal . Time value of money will make cash flows after 20 years worthless .
stupidest shit I've ever seen , but since I FOMOd at 122 I believe you .
Just to comment on the methodology per se , , , This is the enterprise value … . you need to deduct the net debt to derive the equity value and hence the implied price the share
First of all you need to rename scenario 1 as companies with a true “ Worst case scenario ” suffer far worse fates . Secondly , focusing on further than 3 years is a fool ’ s errand . There are too many known unknowns and countless unknown unknowns .
I don ’ t understand but I agree 100x
I believe Nvidia GPUs are currently the most efficient computing platform for what we now call AI . I do not believe GPUs will be the platform for what we will call AI in ten years , maybe not even in five . Maybe Nvidia will make whatever comes next , and maybe they won ’ t . There are other companies pursuing other avenues , and just because they haven ’ t yet succeeded doesn ’ t mean they won ’ t . I have difficulty believing long term predictions based on current conditions . There are some very sophisticated weather models , and I often check the forecast for the next week . But I don ’ t bother looking for next year ’ s weather forecast . There are too many variables .
NVDA sells to hyperscalers . Hyperscalers sell to product companies ( like Open AI , etc . ) . The product companies build stuff for end consumers . At each step along the way , shareholders of the various companies involved demand at least 8-10 % ROIC ( return on invested capital ) . When you work this math all the way to the end consumer , you will find that the end consumer must increase their AI product spend by about 60-70 Billion per quarter and grow that by CAGR . I am not saying this is impossible , but I am saying that the consumer needs to start spending orders of magnitude more for these NVDA numbers to make sense over the long term .
Depends if you can train robots to suck a d
I would be happy even with the bear case . One point you could consider is the cyclically nature of the business . You only plot growth . We know next year big budgets are assigned to AI , but 3 5 years in the future , will Facebook still build out their AI infra ? Will it be Nvidia only , etc . who will replace fangs spendings is only guess for now It's hard to guess how fast AI will be adopted and at what scale .
Huh ? Where is the bottom up analysis by product
What are thoughts on price post earnings ?
That is a a Market Cap of 6.4 Trillion ... I might run with it since I am pessimistic by nature ...
So you ’ re saying there ’ s a chance … ..
Using my math I think they ’ re worth 1 brazillion at least .
If this thing goes up to $ 150 I ’ m happy 🤷‍♀ ️
Linear growth is not a valid financial model . Nothing does that . Growth without a cap is not a valid financial model . Nothing does that . Governments get really antsy when companies are worth more than the GDP of most nations , and start thinking " monopoly " and want to break them up into smaller chunks to keep the populace happy . Happy populations don't carry pitchforks or Molotov cocktails to board meetings . Economies don't continue to just increase year over year for more than a decade . Nothing does that . There are cycles of unrest and uncertainty because the economy is global , so if someone in Taiwan has a bad day it impacts the rest of us to a huge extent . Brazil , less so but still enough to matter in this case . Changing tariffs with changing political leadership in the US would make a pretty big impact as well . All that said , I think your model may be valid for a best case scenario at Scenario 1 . I don't believe it could be any better than that given the other limits I just stated . Now , I am absolutely awful at investing , but my logic is sound . Maybe use my logic and your knowledge and make a better version ?
This could be so much easier to read if you just shared your forward earnings multiple / estimates
When ? Ah , in twelve months ? ( I actually have looked at your calculations , and they are solid . But of course , discount macro , and geopolitics and the cyclical nature in the past … ) I ’ m holding , forever , unless thesis changes . And enjoy trading contracts on volatility and catalysts , now .
Where is the $ 69.06 billion in cash flow coming from ? You ’ re saying it ’ s already there and that you will pay for the future values . If this is the full year of 2024 ( I assume it must be ) , you are missing 6 months on your sheet . I ’ m also not personally a huge fan of using a terminal multiplier of 30 + . NVDA is growing a lot now and trading at a higher price / cash flow . In the future , 10 years from now when you ’ re grabbing your terminal value , is it still reasonable that it would trade at that high a multiple ? You ’ re showing growth slowdown in your projections even . I personally am not a fan of using anything over 20 for my terminal multiplier . Also helps protect downside risk that cash flow doesn ’ t grow as quickly . Especially considering in each case , the majority of your intrinsic value is from that terminal value .
Great FCF valuation model !
Yea , you right if you buy a trillion dollars worth
The price should be at $ 250 by year end
Nah , you ’ re wrong .
7 trillion market cap . The entire stock market is 44T . I think if the money supply doubles then perhaps . So far the dollar is halfing every 7-10 years . As king they continue to grow it is possible . Only problem is that it likely won ’ t be the only 7T company . Its clients have to be over 10T . Now I don ’ t agree it ’ s going to hit 7T because of it being a good company . Only in money supply yes . I like Nvidia for one reason . The reason I ve invested long term and for a while . 2012 Nvidia is very good I identifying bubbles , and selling to fuel those bubbles . In the last decade Nvidia has been the processor for every single bubble and I am willing to bed that Jensen keynotes will switch once again to the next bubble , two years before the bubble hits . Console wars was the first bubble . They single handle fucked over Sega but just getting started Gaming , self driving cars , crypto , ai rebranded from deep learning rebranded from ml Just to name a few bubbles . Idk what the next bubble will be but Nvidia I guarantee will be involved selling hpc equipment to fuel the bubble Bubbles need expensive computers that beat the other guys racing to the bottom . Bubble cycles are nasty . I don ’ t add more Nvidia but if we ’ re going to I would monitor the bubble cycles . Nvidia will drop 50 % or more on the bubble burst cycle . But lol don ’ t be a fool and sell . Nvidia will infinity x on the bubble blow up . Jensen is the greatest hype man . Egging on idiotas for whatever hype they are on . Nfts ? No problem , Nvidia cards lol help
Your terminal multiple is pretty high , assumptions usually should at least end at market multiple ? Which is 15x ish in the LT
Numbers don ’ t seem to work with Nvidia . It ’ s a DCA And pray kinda thing . Doing very good with that hedge funds are cut throat on this and computer ai trading too . Better to set an alarm on a low price and buy it there !
Did you consider what of other competitors take their share ?
Would they not be also buying back shares with so much cash ?
Methodology , aka draw a straight line up and to the right .
You ’ re mad . As in crazy .
You thing top economists are on Reddit reading this thread ?
Do you really think that if this were accurate that you're the only person to realize it ? As in any model , it's the assumptions that dictate this results . Assumptions , if your model is going to be valid , need to be reasonable and plausible , and I'm not sure that either applies here . For starters , your discount rate is way too low ... something along the lines of 12-15 % would be more realistic given RFR and the volatility of the stock .
I think $ NVDA should be worth $ 91 expiration 8/ 16
[ removed ]
I sold at 114 with an price average of 106 . Why ? Because I try to be an active Investor and I believe it will drop below 110 again before skyrocking again 😪 If I miss out , well , there are literally hundreds other companies
If print goes brrrrrr with inflation numbs on cocaine we gonna be there soon enough .
Bro is regarded
Too optimistic , you do realize all major companies are working on their own GPUs right ? Sorry but expecting 20 % annual growth for 10 years is too much if you ask me . Low key , i get worried when i see alot of bullish posts on a stock lol
Generous estimates . And you ’ re missing segment analysis & comps ( assuming you stopped here )
rubbish
Wrong
What
I agree with you . But first we will have some years of recession and the market will crash . In 7 years it will be again ready to that 263 route . Nvidia is the future . Just not the present
More like low 80s
Anything above 130 $ and I'll sell ! ! ! NVDA has no new technology compared to hundreds of other integrated circuit manufacturers trust me i make robots it is a huge scam .
263 ? That's an immature number ! There is no slowdown in demand here , and Gen AI is just getting started here . Even with current growth and margins , we are looking around $ 48T market cap min in the next 10 years . Not 10 years , Stock should be trading around $ 300 min before year end.Hold ! EDIT : To All Downvotes Whether you like it or not , We are all living in the United States of NVDA . F8ck you puts and F8ck your NVDA hedges . JPOW is coming for you !
Sooner or later , people will realize that 3t , 6t , 10t will be the norm .
The market is eventually going to price in a 6 trillion market cap based on future earnings is what he ’ s saying
You think 3-3 . 5T is some forever hard cap that'll never be breached ?
This is a good way to look at a buy and hold strategy . Not at all how the market will value a company but a good way to show you how buying into a high growth stock can lead to good returns , even if it ’ s “ overvalued ” at current earnings or even forward 12 month earnings . Just have to tweak your parameters based on how far your timeline is and the specifics of each company . I would say this is nothing more than a tool to convince you of something and honestly probably isn ’ t always necessary but could be nice . I did something like this with Tesla to model out future earnings with robotaxi , energy storage growth , and Optimus to get a feel for Cathie Woods ’ $ 2000 share price justification . Honestly that number feels undervalued around 2030-2035
Yes , it ’ s my attempt at discounted future cash flow , I will write a few paragraphs over the coming hours . 😇
$ 6 trillion is the least they can do . They could take mankind into a new era
Yeah 6 trillion is to low Minimum 18.2 trillion
Once rates cut , all the money in treasuries will start to flow back into stocks
Are you kidding me , plenty of detailed and realistic analyses out there , that'll just get downvoted into oblivion on this sub . Unless the assumptions are hyper-bullish ( and quite frankly , unrealistic ) , like this post , with no practical considerations or nuance , just plain exponential growth . Aswath Damodaran did a [ realistic DCF ] ( https://youtu.be/2N0IDShsTyc?si=0VA1B9adNXqiQ3Nm ) and got heavily criticized for it . [ Here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/FCyNfOgKgt ) is my own humble DCF shortened . When the valuation has been disconnected from realistic numbers for quite a while , mass delusion amplifies . Most people on this sub are not interested in the business numbers . Everyone here has a gut feeling on how the price is going to be $ 180 or $ 250 by next year , with no regard to nuanced analysis .
Nicely done review of the OP's valuation model . I think future valuation depends upon three key things , as corollaries to other key issues you laid out . 1 . Commodity ? Or Not ? - - Can NVDA stay ahead in innovation and design ? 2 . Barriers to entry ? - - Can Intel get in the game big ? Or not ? If they can , NVDA will be hurt . 3 . Continuously upward sloping demand curve ? - - Will the thirst for chips ever recede ? I am in for the long haul - - the bet being , ( 1 ) not going to be a commodity ; ( 2 ) barriers to entry are large ; ( 3 ) demand is only going to go up for the next decade , if not longer .
Exactly , AI datacenter build-out spend is not gonna be on the same trajectory as Costco purchases .
Then you're certainly happy to learn that Nvidia is supporting weather forecasting with AI augmentation tools to have better forecast at less needed compute . They also build a world simulator to simulate climate change . You still think Nvidia won't play a major role in the future if they tackle the hardest problems today just like they have been doing for the past decade ?
Oh no problem they will just reliably pump out generation after generation of flawless and continually more efficient , powerful gpu's that will be in high demand .
😂
I appreciate your insight . Timing is always tricky , especially considering macro factors , geopolitics , and market cycles . Your approach of holding long-term unless the thesis changes makes a lot of sense , and trading on volatility and catalysts can certainly add value . I ’ m glad the calculations resonated with you , even if the timing may vary . It ’ s always a balancing act between the data and external influences . Thanks for sharing your perspective — it's helpful to hear how others are navigating these uncertainties . 🦒
If tomorrow every single share is sold , do you REALLY think 44T will move into cash ? Think about this for a moment and then you will quickly realized how stupid everyone is by looking on market cap and comparing it to GDP lol .
Not really — I don ’ t think I ’ m the only one who could realize this . Models are inherently uncertain , much like predicting the weather next week . I ’ ve actually learned a lot from the feedback I ’ ve received , including yours . Regarding the discount rate , I appreciate your point ; adjusting it to something like 12-15 % does seem more realistic given the risk-free rate and the stock ’ s volatility . Your insights are valuable , and I ’ m grateful for the perspective . Thank you for your input . 😉
I hear you , if it works for you , great ! The line between investing and trading can be rather blurry and subjective , I like to hold most positions for six months at least . 😇
Just say you went in too late .
Gay bear
Low 40 ' s maybe ? Christmas is still too early to be typing down your Christmas wishes
blackwell is not new ? Who is close ?
! Remind me in 4 months
What kind of delusion is this ?
There are many other companies in the AI race . Also , what happens if governments start to ban it in specific areas ?
... this is sarcastic , right ? I mean , the first half of this post is accurate . There IS no slowdown in demand ( there's actually an increase ) and Gen AI is just getting started . NVDA is also positioning itself to get into even more areas like cloud services among other things ... - - - That's where the reasonable take ends . 48T market cap is roughly what the US Economy is . That'd be 20X in 10 years . Hell , I'd be worth an NFL QB ! Not Mahomes or anything , but close ! If you want a stock that COULD 10X , AMD , PLTR , they're more reasonable . If you want a stock that still has really good growth potential ( I think 5-6 T in 4-5 years IS possible ) ... and you know is well run and in demand ... you go with NVDA .
! remind me in 4 months
lol dude stop , now stock will grow like that
Starting to sound like gme baggies
when apple hit 1T it was crazy . Like something impossible . Now many companies are at 1T . In a couple of years we will have companies with 4-6 T market cap
Yeah this is what I don ’ t understand , how people think current valuations are static . As if at one point the most valuable company wasn ’ t $ 100B
It ’ s absolutely insane .
But why ?
critique is literally the best response you can hope for . you don't post things for blind agreement ... we're risking ridiculous sums of money , " at least they made an effort " is meaningless I run into this same issue in software . the best engineers can separate themselves from their work and view it objectively without emotion ... because they know that the tiniest flaw could prevent the whole project from succeeding . mediocre engineers get defensive and say " I'm doing my best " I loved Aswath's DCF . he was VERY realistic , even explained how much of the stock he was keeping because he felt there might be something " beyond the numbers " ... but that's not the same as making your base case gangbusters , especially in a cyclical Industry tl ;D r : well thought out critique takes just A much work as the original and should be just as appreciated , particularly when unrealistic numbers are used
also ignores the part where big tech will produce their own chips , forcing the margins to shrink .
A major role in the future ? Certainly . The runaway leader with fantastic margins and a moat keeping competitors at bay ten years from now ? I won ’ t bet on that . I think generative AI is important today , but I think there is “ real AI ” coming eventually , and it ’ s not yet clear what hardware it will run on . Disruptive technologies tend to , well , disrupt .
Yes . When the markets go to zero .
Guess thats how I should do it but my patience is decreasing quickly when watching my bank account going low
You joke but actually the fair value of Nvidia taking all the practical considerations into account IS quite significantly lower than the current value . Let's keep in mind that the chips are only purchased when setting up infrastructure / getting started with AI after which replenishment can wait for a few years , and also all major industry players are building their own custom chips , which will be used * at least * for their own custom use-cases . Nvidia's business is gonna cycle out at some point .
I will be messaging you in 4 months on [ * * 2024-12- 11 15:11 : 02 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-12-11%2015:11:02%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ephzzf/i_happen_to_believe_that_nvda_should_be_priced_at/lhlk27t/?context=3 ) [ * * 20 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ephzzf%2Fi_happen_to_believe_that_nvda_should_be_priced_at%2Flhlk27t%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-12-11%2015%3A11%3A02%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ephzzf ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Bro thinks NVDA will be worth 2x the US GDP . These kids are the ones who have started trading within the last 7 months and have only seen the market go up .
US economy / GDP is irrelevant to compare here , when the entire world is living in the United States of NVDA . Trillion of USD is sitting on the sidelines and waiting to jump on AI if the market ever corrected a bit . Not just US consumers , entire data center market / mega complex is resiliant , and nowhere to go outside of H100 and H200 . So , f8ck AMD F8ck Nasdaq Just HOLD the NVDA !
Exactly .
Think of when and why apple hit 1T . Will need the same capital injection to see the same growth .
They printed a lot of money .
Yeah but that was with unlimited QE
Right but people also don ’ t realize going from 1 trillion to 4-6 trillion is a ton harder then 100 billion to 1 trillion
I have a ~ 90 % leveraged long position via 3NVD and ~ 10 % short via SNV 3 ( I will make a massive return if NVDA shoots to the moon or rather handsomely drops like a rock in a Zombie scenario … 🙈 )
Worse than that . He thinks ALL the money invested in the stock market is going to be invested in ONE company in 10 years ( I mean , the market grows , inflation and all that , but it doesn't grow like that ) . 25 years ago the market had 15T in it . 2022 that number jumped to 40T . For NVDA to be worth 50T , the market would have to be worth ... \ ~ 400T at LEAST , and NVDA would STILL be worth 1/8 th of the entire market . What do people think will happen to TSM , MSFT , META , Alphabet , AMZN , etc ... etc ... AMD , AVGO ... NVDA would have to become a leader in Cloud , Hardware , and Software , they'd have to get involved in cyber security and EVERYTHING else !
r / woooosh I think
We are living in the United States of NVDA . So US GDP is irrelevant comparions in 100T datacenter market .
It ’ s not impossible but I would say that would be within growth of the global economy , as Nvidia doesn ’ t just do business in the US .
Yeah , it's not though . You know why ? Because the total of ALL the money in ALL the markets in the world is \ ~ 100T dollars with 6-8 estimated to be on the sidelines . The US markets ? Its about 50T . So ... yeah , it VERY relevant to look at GDP and ... all the money generated by 1/4 th of the total global economy and it's even more important to live life in REALITY . NVDA is NOT going to become as big as the ENTIRE US Stock Market is right now in just 10 years . That's ... patently absurd . That said , if this happened , I'd be worth ... roughly 116M dollars ! LMFAO ... a guy who bought 1000 shares in Jan of ' 20 and then bought 1500 more this year at 488 , 688 ( 500 each ) and then 250 at both 770 and 820 ) ... I'd be able to get into NVDA THAT late with investments of 48K and then \ ~ 780K over a 4 year period and that investment would grow ... again ... to 116 MILLON dollars . Do you get how absolutely absurd that is ? I'd be THRILLED if the stock hit 182 dollars . That'd help me reach the magic number . I'd never have to work again . IT IS NOT GOING TO A \ ~ 50M Market cap ! You're reading the most outlandish , click bait headlines . Utter nonsense .
With enough inflation nothing is hard .
That ’ s what they said about aapl at $ 300B ten years ago .
No , it's not . Nvidia moved 12 % market cap in a day with 1/10 of average trading volume while moving - 5 % at double average trading volume . If you have no sellers today then you can reach $ 4-6 t with very little amount of trading volume and money . Try to learn that market cap has nothing to do with trading and is only a result of shares \ * price . Price is what matters and if buyers / sellers today decide to trade Nvidia shares for $ 1000 then you'll have a 10 bagger on a single day . It certainly will never happen due to market dynamics but it could . My shares are 50x more valued than when I bought them and it cost me exactly $ 0 to increase my wealth by market cap . Others have traded up the price and now I have a lot of money in " theory " thanks to market cap .
Sounds good , what should go wrong after all its Nividia one of the holy seven HAHAHAHAHAHAH . I pray for your luck .
No , I think he genuinely believes what he's saying ( or she ) .
Thanks ! I discipline myself to read annual reports and the like , as Buffett and co . advise us to do so . I hope I am developing a skill of some sort on top of luck . 😉
Well , if you use leverage you should allwaye hope for a bit of luck . If some heavy weight like buffet decides to crush Nividia today he just does it .
Well , there is a vast subreddit for TQQQ , where most folks believe that the data backs the bull thesis up . 😉 I just want more risk and the associated potential reward . 😇
Interesting , thx for the tipp
Let the race to $ 140 commence ! 😛
Never trust mainstream media it's owned by the biggest players and they will write the narrative they want
Bofa deez nuts
Just read this comments is so funny haircut shaved crashed from 140 down to 110 lol the stock is like a 15 banger and in only 36 months
It ’ s not the media . Headwind for market movement is the market itself . It corrected because it was due a correction . Most of the trading done on the market is not retail traders , it ’ s computers following patterns . There is no evil villain behind the scenes moving the markets . The big scary hedge fund man picking on retail investors is not the story here , that is a story shilled constantly by the GME cult . NVDA is undergoing completely normal and predictable movements .
Team 128 $
The system isn ’ t rigged . It ’ s just not rational and there ’ s a lot happening that most retail investors don ’ t see .
Bearish
The whole AI news media is rigged the technology is nowhere near what they are fakely advertising to get money from the investors , the wide spread fear and robotics is nowhere near to what anyone can say useful to humans especially the human shape due to the fact that the human body has special arrangement inside which cannot be copied by engineering and battery is very limited . No one wants tethered robots . Good bye AI and welcome humans of the future who are smarter with their investments and their over all well being especially their unique mind .
Seasonal headwinds you say ? Out of season though .
God I wish I had more money when it was below 100 $ and I should have learned about leverage options sooner 💀 🫠
When you look long term , isn't the $ 140 target for NVDA still a clearance price ? ? ?
counting chicken before they come home to roost . let ’ s wait for PPI / CPI before calling it
###There was never any seasonal headwind . No one saw any revenue declines .
They just wrapped up writing hit pieces to clear out their shorts LAST WEEK , now they have loaded up on calls ! https://investorplace.com/2024/07/bank-of-america-just-issued-a-key-warning-on-nvidia-stock-and-other-ai-stocks/
Broo you got to say it before me :(
Lol , go and take a look at crypto markets . Wherever there is money , there is greed . Ask Korea what they fined Citadel … go and find YouTube videos of Jim Cramer telling an interviewer how easy it was for his previous company to control a stock ’ s prices …
Lastly take a look at the late Charlie Munger interviews This isn ’ t hard , just do some free research
I know you weren ’ t smart enough to google the Korea & citadel news , so here it is : https://www.reuters.com/business/finance/skorea-fines-citadel-securities-stock-algorithm-trading-breaches-2023-01-27/#:~:text=SEOUL%2C%20Jan%2027%20(Reuters),with%20high%2Dfrequency%20algorithm%20trading .
Computers belong to some mofos , and mofos tweak their behaviour .


... at least until daddy Jensen makes AGI , then it gets inverted
System isnt rigged ? What have we been saying for the last month ? All the negative news on Nvidia didnt make much sense . Let me recap it for you so that you see the media was controlling the narative : - ( DOJ ) antitrust investigation : Filed by big companies because they are late to the race , not enough lobbysts by nvidia - " [ Design flaws could cause delay of three months or more in the launch of Nvidia's upcoming artificial intelligence chips , the Information reports ] ( https://www.tradingview.com/news/reuters.com,2024:newsml_L4N3JS0X9:0-nvidia-slumps-after-report-of-ai-chip-delay-amid-broad-selloff/ ) " - Reuters - [ New GPU using only light unvealed in China by researchers at a university ] ( https://www.benzinga.com/news/24/08/40275356/nvidias-h100-gpu-surpassed-by-chinas-new-ai-chip-that-operates-entirely-on-light-in-energy-efficienc ) ( We all know that will take many years to become a reality so its not real news ) - AI Bubble bursting - Tech rotation - I forgot the name of the company but investigation on an acquisition so they dont control the market . My point is , all this bad news was making the stock so volatile and was dropping it by 5 % a day or more . No good news insight except news they cannot control like earnings and what CEOs of other companies say . They even twisted the words on mag 7 companies increasing capex to spend on AI as bad news , Look here [ https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN\_DN20240808003744:0/ ] ( https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20240808003744:0/ ) Those articles are just a small scale propaganda to change people's perception on Nvidia . " While Nvidia's stock skyrocketed over the past year , it's dropped 22 % over the past month amid worries about higher capital spending by some of its Big Tech rivals . " We saw in the last 2 weeks that five magnificent 7 companies said they used up their capex to buy more AI infrastructure ( aka GPUs ) . This article twisted this into bearish news ?
Sounds like you don ’ t know anyone in the industry . Why are you even in this reddit group ?
Exactly
right just a lot of macro stuff though .
This ^
Hey , if you put bets on Red and Black , worst that could happen is the ball land in Green !
NVDA is different than a small cap . If a hedge fund wants to dump a small cap stock they may get Cramer to promote it etc . There is no one person moving NVDA , that ’ s delusional . Really this whole GME thing has made a lot of people completely delusional .
Do you know why those securities were so easy to manipulate ? Because they have small market capitalizations . When I traded bitcoin in 2015 on foreign exchanges , I could manipulate the price via order flow on trading volume of less than $ 1 mil using 10,000 . There is no doubt that financial media attempts to move stocks . Large caps right now like NVDA however , are absolutely not moving based on a few articles . They have been literally skyrocketing for months on end , and are correcting . This is how the market behaves and has always behaved this way for the entire decade + I have been trading .
Amen . Some people just don ’ t get it , so let ’ s just use them for hedgies ’ sacrifice as they sell low and buy high . We need these idiots frankly
I just don think there some great conspiracy to manipulate the price .
I build robots and this is what I do .. I have built humanoid robots like 10 years before both for NASA and the military .
But no decline in sales nothing spoke to that
Cramer talked about manipulating Apple in the interview .
Bullshit . The media frenzy was fucking over the top this time . Stop trying to provide gaslighting excuses . We all saw it with our own eyes .
The cognitive dissonance here is real .
I knew it , you can ’ t be an industry if BIG money isn ’ t exchanging hands . This would be aptly called a Hobby . You are in a basement somewhere fidgeting with Radio Shack parts from the 1980s alone , mad at ex-classmates working in big tech surrounded by 20,000 Ivy Leaguers , making $ 300-500 K per year with unlimited perks EDIT : hey you edited the previous comment without acknowledging it , making my reply silly . You need to add an “ EDIT ” section , boomer
In what year / market cap ?
I saw a massive run up and a correction back near moving average
No I work with top government industry making big money and I invest it for my employees that's why I tell people what's a problem when there are limits to fundamental science .
2007 / ~ 100B
I don't see you complaining about tesla
I don ’ t trade Tesla currently , they ’ re too dependent on the government for my liking
Just a big fat green pipe of cash .
The net profit is fucking nuts-o ville .
Beautiful as always
$ 185M net profit DAILY . That is insane .
Damn ! They made more profit than [ last quarter ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1cybgst/nvidia_q1_earnings_visualized/ ) ... yet here we are . 🤷‍♂ ️
Nvidia ’ s earnings for Q2 just came out . Year over year , revenue jumped 122 % and net income climbed 169 % . For the current quarter , the company expects $ 32.5 B in revenue , ahead of the $ 31.7 B expected . Source — > [ this visual investing newsletter ] ( https://www.carbonfinance.io/subscribe )
All this money paid to Nvidia just so that other companies can enable the future of robotics and AI .
Last quarter had 14.9 B net profit at 57 % net margin . This quarter was down 2 % at 55 % net margin
55 % seems acceptable ...
They operate a monopoly and pay almost no tax , how does anyone think this is sustainable ?
This is bad . Real bad . Tremendous downside . Growth is slowing faster than DJT stock is plummeting . It may even start contracting next year .
No wonder Jensen can sell $ 14m of his stock per day
Yet two more billions . Not too bad .
1.7 but yeah for sure , not bad at all
Pretty cool ... thanks for posting . Interesting to see the aggressive refresh cycle of NVidia compared to the others . Ideal would be to see a roadmap of NVidia's projected revenue streams across the various tranches ( auto , robotics , data centers etc ) ...
So , NVIDIA is by far NOT the only one on the market ?
Just wait until Amazon's in-house chips surpass Nvidia's and never look back . It's coming very , very , very , soon . Source : Tru $ t me bro .
All I know is that I bought shares when they were high ... then bought even more during the dip ... holding .. Held throughout the wild ride past few weeks ... now it is time to enjoy the GREEN !
Most of those are custom ASICs that are designed for AI acceleration and can only be used in the data center . We used Trainium on AWS and it was on par with our H100 benchmarks ... Gaudi and AMD have products that are COTS and customers can install . Look at NVIDIAs profit margins . It is going to invite competition . I mean , it is cheaper for their biggest customers to spend $ 100 million designing their own hardware .
of course not but the best
###TL ;D R Just Hold
Thank you for taking the time to write this
Kiss - keep it simple stupid ! Buy the dips and hold for long term investment as this is the beginning of the AI revolution
Thanks for the write up ! Great insights . Agree 100 % . I treat my option trading as a fun hobby and it ’ s nothing more than gambling . I make sure is no more than 5-10 % of my portfolio . I don ’ t expect to beat the market
Too many people bought options ( $ 1.5 billion ) last week . Of course the Hedgers were not going to let all of those options expire in the money . They converged , drove the price down , got more people to panic sell ... I have $ 60K in NVDA and NVDL ... holding .. holding . I only buy options for certain stocks . And when I do , I BUY LONGGGGGG . That is the only way to do options the right way to protect yourself .
Disagree but will and may help one person
I appreciate your sentiments on the matter but you're leaving out modern issues with the market as if they don't exist . What happened with NVDA this past week isn't a product of conventional wisdom . When a $ 120 stock swings over $ 50 in one month , that's not a product of conventional wisdom . When a company posts earnings that don't meet , but BEAT the street and their stock immediately tanks $ 8 , conventional wisdom becomes patently worthless . Continuing to hold an investment that is going down in spite of any progress the company makes is ludicrous when there are no contributing factors in play such as wars , terrorist attacks , or natural disasters . Conventional wisdom may very well bankrupt people in this scenario . I'm still holding , and when I reach break even point with current holdings , NVDA won't be entering my portfolio again for quite a while , if ever again . But my gains for the year are mine , and if NVDA eats away any more at those gains it's gone . Because zeros are a lot easier to carry than minus signs . I sure as hell didn't create those gains holding on to crap with wishful thinking .
Buy long for profits , buy short to gamble . Somebody was bitching about options trading but truthfully all short term investments is gambling and the data is pretty clear since 1957 or you can even go back to 1923 . Yes , just like the lottery someone will always hit it big BUT the estimates are only 10-20 % of investors actually make money . Doesn ’ t matter if it ’ s in stocks or options . That rate is considerably lower for day traders and percentage is a little above for swing traders . However again the data proves that those who try to time the market ( buy low sell high ) and are expecting short term returns immediately are the ones who lose the most . As they actually do the opposite , they buy high due to hype and then when the stock drops , they sell low in fear of losing mo money . Anyway , final point … 1y investments have about 70 % chance of positive returns , 2y is 80 % , 3y is 85 % , 5y is 90 % , and 10y is 94/95 % . Me , not gonna lie , I like options trades . Help keeps me engaged with how companies and markets are doing . I probably put about 5-10 % of my cash in my side hustle account . However , bulk of my investments goes to 401k which I can ’ t touch till 59 and then into my brokerage account for long term investments with a goal of holding for 2-3 years min . GL Playas !
How to make money ? Buy a ton of puts ! lol .
Just hold and think out 5 years ...
TA doesn ’ t have to be perfect for algorithms based on it to be profitable , right ? You just need an edge and time . By this logic , no algos should use TA indicators at all , or am I missing something ?
Hold and be on the right side of every trade if you do that
just HOLD
Don ’ t sell ?
Does short trading mean I can only buy short options ? I usually buy short and long , does this still count ? ( / s )
Great write up by the way , alot of good info . One thing I'd like to add as I think you probably have the same understanding . That when the price eventually converges to the fundamentals of the company it will do so at the future fundamental value and not the current . As this point is continuously moving , but generally not as much as the price . Another thing I was wondering about was the conclusion of long term beeing an optimal strategy , what would you consider long term ? And would it be better with even longer terms or how do you view that ? Would it be correct to interpret this as long enough for your time frame to sell and profit ? " pray that the fundamentals and market conditions remain long enough for you to profit . "
I agree with what you post says 110 % the only other thing that I would add is that if some of these people want to be lucrative and aggressive they might as well focus on dollar cost averaging and they have a hundred bucks throw it in an account and buy more may or may not be immediately beneficial but over time the dollar cost averaging they're going to kill it especially with Nvidia
For individual stocks , I ’ ve decided to just go with well known companies that pay dividends . If it dips and causes me frustration , I know I can always wait for it to break even and sell . The dividends can be the profit essentially .
Nvidia is not to up 100 % a year lmao
Someone has to lose for someone else to make money . You are the losers .
This guy gets it .
I don ’ t fuck with options … Like I don ’ t mess with firearms . I ’ d most likely shoot myself in the foot .
Buy and hold shares and do not play options
Buy companies with large MOATs , solid balance sheets , reasonable growth potential , diversified cash flow machines internally , etc . NVIDIA is a fine hold and my mind won't be changed . The " Boom and bust " distraction of life cycles of AI doesn't stick when the business model is solid . AI has hardly been around at the caliber it exists today long enough to even develop a cycle . The only thing I'm seeing is massive growth . The idea of the " bust " is tied to market over valuation or hype which is pretty much going to happen to any hot stock it's not a new term or tied only to AI . Them busting as a company pretty much is entirely dependent on the durability of their business model and cash flow diversification . Technically I can hardly think of any type of sector that didn't boom then bust besides maybe consumer defensive . Does NVDA have a good moat ? Yes , very . Software integration alongside their hardware gives them an " Apple " appearance if the ai field was compared to smart phones . Do they have reasonable growth ? Yes . In the beginning it'll be greater as with most businesses since that's when you naturally scale . For example IBM . However their stewardship being downgraded along with poor business relations lead to their decline . Does NVDA have diversified cashflow ? They're investing into multiple tech assisted sectors be it pharmaceuticals , imaging , vehicles , data centers , gaming etc . In conclusion OP is correct . Just adding some details . If the short term belfort wannabes want to generate cash or pull some short term profit . Of NVDA matches your description for a solid long term investment write covered calls and roll when needed .
Well said !
all in then !
What about selling options ? Wheeling strategy on stocks we do not mind owning if assigned ?
How old are you ? What your exp in investing an how long tou invest ? What size of portfolio / investmen you manage ?
Yeah that's why I sell covered calls . Been making consistent bank for a year now . The only thing that screwed me up was the 10:1 split announcement which sent the price from 950 to 1100 at the time . Ever since I've been setting limit prices at a strike price I'm comfortable selling all of it . Then I set a limit buy order for 10 % of that premium once I have sold the calls . Works extremely well . So far have yet to lose any money . I plow my premium profit into more shares when it dips . Wash rinse and repeat .
Has anyone heard anything about the Percentage Yield Improvement for the new Mask ? So if yield improves by 30 % would that be the same as increasing manufacturing capacity by 30 % , which immediately impacts maximum shipments per quarter ?
Thank you for this post . I was about to invest my life savings in Nvda options but now I'll just go have sex with my girlfriend's boyfriend instead .
You didn ’ t exactly cut to the chase with your 3,000 word essay
hello GPT
This wall of text is almost as bad as the wall of text people write complaining about the price not going up . TLDR : Stocks have risk of loss , so don't invest in stocks if you cannot tolerate losses .
Currently road tripping and was listening to Ground Rules a few hours ago . You have good advice , but you should give credit when you are quoting someone .
Held since $ 6
held since $ 107
Thank you
Exactly !
And so far , how much have you made or lost net net from the 5-10 % that you play with ?
Yup , don't drive yourself crazy for a few bucks . We are already at a high point . Think future , excellent company with lots of potential . In $ 111 average .
TA can be very profitable , but not accurate enough for a typical investor short term most the time . The ones who consistently profit from TA are not typical . If you are , that's great but by definition , it cannot work for everyone . Simple thought experiment : let's say you train an ai to consistently make money . Let's say everyone uses that same AI . What happens ? So then you train a new AI that outshines the old AI , and then someone trains another AI to beat the new AI , etc . Bottom line for the short term is there has to be a lot of losers to finance the few winners . Long term , companies like nvda create value so everyone can win .
We have so much historical market data to work with and now we all see we can train LLMs so well to predict outputs , given inputs . Be real interesting to heavily train an LLM on historical TA then feed it real-time ticker data . No doubt someone is trying it .
Almost every trade … some companies go poof
Agreed , it's very important to monitor the fundamentals and market conditions and act accordingly . Someone can do everything right with the initial investment , yet still lose money . Personally , I invest in a minimum of 1 year for options , but usually buy LEAPs that are closer to 2 years . It rarely takes that long to print , but pullbacks can come at the worst times and can last months . With 1.5 to 2 year DTE , I can wait it out without much decay . For example , I bought some c140 exp \ ~ 600 dte a few weeks ago when NVDA dipped below 100 . Didn't sell at 130 , because my target is higher . I have almost 2 years for what I believe will be a one month dip , but won't sweat if it takes half a year . Time is my friend , so I buy as much of it as I can afford . Still , I rarely buy LEAPs beyond 2 years because 1 ) I'm paying for more insurance ( time ) than I need , 2 ) it's less liquid than shorter expirations . If you're buying shares , the beauty of it is that you have virtually no time limit and can focus on monitoring the assumptions . Other than that , everything about time frames applies to shares .
Wheeling properly requires a depth of understanding greeks and still carries risk , but can be a decent strategy if applied properly during the right market conditions … . but it ’ s not a “ sure thing ” or a “ secret trick ” the way people advertise it as . You can still get burnt or end up bag holding if it drops significantly past your secured put price and you get assigned . If you do this strategy be fiscally prepared to bag hold , or have enough cash to roll forward if an unexpected event occurs .
Selling options on stocks you want to own or on calls is a solid approach . However , the caveat is to be confident that you'll want to own the stock even if conditions change for puts or will be ok if the profit is capped when selling calls . It works best for the type of personality who isn't too greedy . Many people sold puts on SMCI because the premiums were so high . I don't know whether it will recover or not , but there's a reason the premium was high . There was no reason to sell puts on SMCI when NVDA was clearly much safer , other than higher returns .
I don't like wheeling it , but I do like selling calls that are within 7 weeks , at about . 20 delta . This component of my NVDA experience has been gold . If the short call is ever threatened , I roll it out , always for a credit . There seems to be inevitably an opportunity to eventually buy to close with excellent profit , or simply let them expire worthless like this past week . All the while ... keeping the core position and never letting it go . On Friday , at the open , there was even a chance to sell some 0DTE calls in the morning at a great price during the surge that by end of day were worthless . Heck , by mid day they were worthless .
I started during the great recession , stopped for a decade , and seriously invested for the past 5 years . So still a relative newbie . It takes a long time to get used to this . Let's just say my portfolio started with reasonable retirement size five years ago , and has grown mid double digits percentage annually . That includes stupidly lucky and dumb moves , but always trying to invest smarter than before .
I don't know who ground rule is . But if this is their advice , that's great .
. 48
Lucky bastard
My average is $ 43
Ofc it ’ d be cat and mouse in that scenario . I believe in TA and employ it ( minimally ) . So much to gain just learning candlesticks and using your own eye . Really was just curious on that one point . I liked the post content so wanted to hear your thought there .
Interesting thoughts and I definitly agree , would never touch any options with less than a year and would aim for as long as possible . Not that I actually have been active in options trading . I was primarily thinking of shares but reading it again with options in mind it makes alot more sense . I get the feeling that you do see the value of time the same way as me , but at the same time you still opt for options knowing the downsides of this . Would you say its rational doing so as it effectivly puts you at the mercy of the market ? Could you describe your thought process of buying options vs stocks ? I guess portifolio and diversification kind of plays in here aswell .
Sure it has ...
It's a book . The quote is either Buffet or Graham .
Juicy ! Congrats
How many shares ?
IMO , the best strategy is the one that is compatible with the individuals ' personality . I personally hate lost profits about as much as having losses ( most people are hurt more by losses ) . Given my dislike for missing gains , my approach is to keep my assets in NVDA , and swap between holding stock and holding options , depending on where the SP is relative to fundamentals . If SP is over valued , I convert options to stock and vice versa . People say that heavy concentration is risky , but all highly successful investors used concentrated positions . I've invested everything I had to start companies before . I feel much safer with NVDA's world class management team than anything I had at my companies , so concentration doesn't bother me . Although NVDA could go down by 70 % , the whole market will probably do the same for anything so drastic . Until it does , I'd rather go for better risk adjusted rewards . The risk adjusted is the important part . Here's an example of how I might evaluate a situation : a 1.5 year NVDA c110 / 120 spread will probably return around 100 % if NVDA is 120 or higher at expiration . In other words , if NVDA SP is stuck exactly at $ 120 for 1.5 years , I'd get the same gain as if a shareholder saw the stock price go to $ 240 . If NVDA is highly likely to be at least 120 after 1.5 years , I'd rather buy the spread than the stock because holding shares hoping to hit $ 240 in 1.5 years is pretty hard . In reality , I'd probably buy something like a 140/160 spread which might return closer to 2or 3x instead of 1x , but would require the SP to hit 160 to maximize return . In 1.5 years , I think that's pretty likely .
Makes sense and great points regarding compatibility for individuals and concentration . I'd be mostly worried about the margin of error in those calculations i'd think . But I'm going to have to chew a bit on the numbers and situations to say anything about them . Appreciate the input !
“ Nvda beats earnings projection by 350 % ! New projected price set at $ 350 / share ! Also Jensen grew 3 inches taller randomly ! ” NVDA plummets 23 % In for the long haul baby !
Now I am actually down after being up all month
And it's tanking hard .
Their choices are limited . They have massive R & D and any significant purchase wouldn ’ t pass anti-trust .
This shit is killing me man
Good sign - tanks 6 %
Remember you don ’ t need to buy options :)
Nvidia left its quarterly dividend unchanged at a penny a share . But it did something for income-minded investors : The company announced a $ 50 billion share repurchase . At recent prices , that will buy back some 420 million shares , or just under 2 % of the shares outstanding . It immediately ranks as the third largest buyback in the S & P 500 . Apple has repurchased some $ 91 billion worth of stock over the past 12 months , according to FactSet . Alphabet has repurchased $ 63 billion . Meta Platforms has repurchased about $ 41 billion worth of its stock . The $ 50 billion buyback sum alone would rank as the 187th most valuable company in the S & P 500 . It ’ s a lot of money . Nvidia can afford it . Wall Street projects a free cash flow of about $ 74 billion over the coming 12 months . A buyback for Nvidia isn ’ t new . But the amount is going up . The board authorized a $ 25 billion repurchase in August 2023 and the company bought back about $ 15.4 billion in the first half of fiscal year 2025 . ( Nvidia ’ s fiscal year ends in January . ) Investors will focus on Nvidia's sales guidance and AI technology . But they shouldn ’ t completely forget about capital return . It is an important part of stock returns and , in the case of Nvidia , it is going in the right direction . Nvidia ’ s stock yields about 0.03 % , the lowest yield in the S & P 500 among dividend payers .
Hard for NVIDIA to acquire more companies cuz of the fed . Everything goes through the antitrust scrutiny . Who knows what will happen with the run.ai acquisition
Yeah it is stock is gonna go flying next week after robbing everyone playing short term options
Alright but when is it going to happen ?
Is it really though ? I feel like they ’ d be better off buying their own chips and applying that machine learning to the business of widening their moat .
Even nvda fomo its own stock lol
Yup , this is why its dropping . They want a better price before dumping 50 billi back into the company , as this will allow them to repurchase more shares . In the long run this will be better for all investors . IMO , we are right around that magic number . This should begin to climb in few here ..
If nancy is in so am I
Insiders and Instituitions own 70 % of the shares . Retail owns 30 % of the shares . Mkt Cap is \ ~ $ 3 Trillion So there are $ 900B in retail owned shares . $ 50B + $ 10B ( remaining allocation for buybacks ) = $ 60B Buyback will require retail to give up 7 % of the shares they are holding in this buyback round . And it's likely Buybacks through 2025 will attempt to buyback 30 % of the shares currently held by retail investors . So with 10 % fewer overall shares , nividia should be worth approx 110 % of what it would have been otherwise and if we see $ 60B per quarter in 2025 with Blackwell , that's a 3X from 2024 . That's why IMO by dec 2025 , we should see NVDA at 6T or 9T mkt cap . NFA
I'd rather they spend $ 50B making aquisitions even if most of them don't pan out . Buying your own stock at its ATH is just a losing proposition . Never should have sold it in the first place if you are going to do that .
A growth co with a stock at near all time highs has no business wasting 50 billion on stock buy back ... it should save that cash for growth and innovation .
i would say it ’ s a bad sign because hypergrowth stocks don ’ t buy back or pay divs
I dont think its a good sign .. I would rather see them investing in new lines of business and beefing up the dividend
Shit they better start the buy back soon . My calls are getting screwed raw with no lube .
yeah , me too
Not forever
You know it's bad when you're too afraid to open your trading app to see how down in losses you are .. That's me rn . Lol
This ain ’ t crypto you facks . Be happy with the 33 % a year gains going forward .
> Good sign - tanks 6 % You weren't around for the 2022 ride down were ya ? .. that was fun , lol
Dividends are not free money …
That many shares traded today .
I trust a major lesson has been taught to option traders around earnings reports . With more than double the outstanding shares being owned by institutions there was no way options traders were going to win .
They can easily afford the buybacks .. they announced $ 25 billion repurchase last year .. which turned out to be a very wise and profitable move .
You ’ re crazy if you think they aren ’ t dogfooding their own product .
You think she hasn't made money already , she one of them people they manipulated the stock so they could get gains from us
Buying back your stock is not a losing proposition : It allows them to reduce tax payments It acts as a dividend payout for all shareholders , but one in which they won't pay taxes on it immediately . It boosts EPS It helps reduce past dilution of shares used to pay employee compensation While I do think they would do well to further diversify , especially with the insane amounts of money they hoard in profit , buying back the stock isn't bad .
I ’ d imagine antitrust is on their ass at the moment so the last thing they probably want to do is buy a company . If anything they will continue investing in projects and companies such as Soundhound etc .
Yea because the one thing nVidia isn ’ t good at is innovating . What a dumbass 😂 😂 😂
It ain ’ t happening tomorrow so you ’ re screwed regardless
Dude . My calls got fked $ 4.5 to $ . 67 beween yesterday close and today at 930 am NINETY PERCENT GONE OVERNIGHT LOL AND THEY LITERALLY BEAT EARNINGS So fking bullshit i actually got fkin screwed Im not even sure how they got so cooked in the morning why was it at 67 cents right from open and was stoll at 123 ?
That made me question a lot of my life ’ s decisions .
I bought the whole ride down . I have profited the whole way back up .
2018
Yeah , you're the dumbass ... there are no less than 3 serious competitors coming for that innovation , and the CUDA platform moat is not that big as they'd like ... hang around kid , you might learn a thing or two . I'll check back with you when it's below 90 to see how you're doing .
I have long calls so I still have time lol .
IV crush
Them beating earnings was priced in , in order for it to go up they had to beat earnings twice as hard as they did .
It's not an IV crush when the stock goes down and you lose money on a call .
Puts it is
Paywalled
[ https://archive.is/20240824123254/https://www.cnbc.com/2024/08/24/stocks-like-nvidia-are-table-pounding-buys-bank-of-america-says.html ] ( https://archive.is/20240824123254/https://www.cnbc.com/2024/08/24/stocks-like-nvidia-are-table-pounding-buys-bank-of-america-says.html )
buy / sell / hold do whatever you believe in but don ’ t listen to Bank of America , one of the biggest POS companies to exist . Literally out there to steal your money as fast as possible
Nvida is a mattress pounding buy .
is this a top signal
Damn , making me want to sell my calls before earnings . Don't know if to lose all my money or try to make good gains
Ok ... now i am suspicious . Too many NVDA hype posts and stories ...
So buy it boa
When BofA talks , money listens .
Bet against BofA's analyst at your own peril .
NVIDA is a wife beating buy
How deep are they on the rest of tech ? They are probably in desperate need of this bet to pay off .
Oh yeah a chip company at only a $ 3 trillion valuation , what a screaming deal !
If you're smart , you're strangling it anyway .
Nvidia “ Nvidia ’ s share price rose 964 % from Oct ′ 22 - July ′ 24 , still trades within its historical valuation range and may have more room to run , but too narrow of a focus on Nvidia , or even Semis more broadly , will miss the bigger picture . ”
https://archive.ph/
I made a lot of money investing in boa lol
You have weak knees
Its earnings . Do you actually own Nvidia or you're just passing on by saying hello . Hi
People have been saying this the past 6 months . Guess what ? The stock is up 63 % the past 6 months .
No
How much did ur puts lose you ?
Why would you post about the valuation but not about the earnings and growth rate of those earnings ? Did you think that ’ s the only piece of the puzzle ?
We got the valuation expert here
It ’ s software company now
Short it with your life . Believe in yourself ! 🤡
A monkey in the last 2 years could have made money throwing darts . Wsb is filled with monkeys who made money the last year doesn ’ t mean it ’ s good
Haha my plan is to sell half my position then hold the rest through my Sept exp
This and AVGO .. i mean .. who doesn't own it ? ? But still ..
They should by some puts and see how that works for them
It has a PE ratio of 75 . Google is 20
Growth rate has been great in the last 2 years , hence the premium valuation . The expectations for future growth are too high and not likely to materialize in my opinion .
We got BB8 Here
I ’ m not disagreeing with your statement - but I do feel like your statement attached to my comment is pretty silly considering I bought BoA for one reason and one reason alone … . because Warren Buffet did . He ’ s far from a wsb monkey .
And in your mind they ’ re growing at exactly the same rate ? Since you only cited trialing earnings multiples instead of future ?
Do you have any evidence for your opinion ? Because let me show you the contrary
Future earnings are guesses .
For the few largest models in the industry that are the bulk of the AI workload , training can use a custom stack and not necessarily CUDA GPUs . For example : Amazon is able to [ use Trainium Chips to pre-train an LLM ] ( https://arxiv.org/html/2404.10630v1 ) , Google ( this one should be plenty obvious ) [ used TPUs to train Gemini ] ( https://blog.google/technology/ai/google-gemini-ai/#:~:text=We%20trained%20Gemini%201.0%20at,our%20most%20efficient%20to%20serve . ) , [ OpenLlama ] ( https://github.com/openlm-research/open_llama ) and [ Apple ’ s Foundation LLMs ] ( https://arxiv.org/pdf/2407.21075 ) have also used Google ’ s TPUs for training . Nvidia has a handful of large customers ( Amazon , Microsoft , Meta , Google , Tesla ) that account for most of Nvidia ’ s revenues . For them to continue buying from Nvidia , their own chips have to not only be worse , but lag by more than Nvidia ’ s margins . This puts downward pressure on Nvidia ’ s revenues and margins as soon as custom chips can ramp up . For example , Elon Musk outright said that [ We kind of have no choice ] ( https://www.kisacoresearch.com/blog/elon-musk-doubles-down-teslas-dojo-supercomputer-aiming-compete-nvidia ) but to build custom AI chips . And of course , all of this is when CEOs of Google and Meta acknowledged that they ’ re overspending on / overbuilding capacity because they cannot afford to lose out on the AI race . And not to mention , once the capacity is built out , the AI efforts can continue without further acceleration of chip capacity . The consensus trajectory for Nvidia is that the overspending will continue and there will be basically no competition . Even though the business will continue to thrive , the valuation is already discounting most of the optimism while being susceptible to quite a bit of downside / risk .
“ Because earnings estimates are guesses I think every company should be valued at the exact same multiple whether they are growing 1 % per year or 100 % per year . ” Just … Jesus Christ . Please leave the sub and invest in index funds . I ’ m not saying that to be mean . But you are genuinely out of your element as you don ’ t understand even the most introductory concepts in investing . It ’ s a dangerous place for people like you who think all companies should trade at the exact same multiple .
You have to be either a put buyer , Google or AWS employee , or just your average schill . That paper is shit . First of all these guys are comparing the h100 which is how old now . These guys can't even make it to the h200 in comparison let alone the large dark beast demon know as Blackwell . Also , try reading the paper . Their large viable model is based on 7b params . Which is a joke compared to where models are today . Since pre-training requires a large amount of training data ( trillions of tokens ) , it demands highly on computational resources . Advanced AI accelerators , such as AWS Trainium 1 , Google TPU 2 , and NVIDIA A100 / H100 GPUs 3 , have been specifically designed for this kind of workloads . These AI accelerators are often integrated with dedicated tensor processing units which offer fast matrix operations and high training throughput . They also have much larger on-chip memory ( tens of GBs per accelerator ) and high communication bandwidth ( hundreds of Gbps ) between accelerators across different machines , which allows pre-training of larger models with efficient hardware utilization .
You have to be either a put buyer , Google or AWS employee , or just your average schill . That paper is shit . First of all these guys are comparing the h100 which is how old now . These guys can't even make it to the h200 in comparison let alone the large dark beast demon known as Blackwell . Also , try reading the paper . Their large viable model is based on 7b params . Which is a joke compared to where models are today . Since pre-training requires a large amount of training data ( trillions of tokens ) , it demands highly on computational resources . Advanced AI accelerators , such as AWS Trainium 1 , Google TPU 2 , and NVIDIA A100 / H100 GPUs 3 , have been specifically designed for this kind of workloads . These AI accelerators are often integrated with dedicated tensor processing units which offer fast matrix operations and high training throughput . They also have much larger on-chip memory ( tens of GBs per accelerator ) and high communication bandwidth ( hundreds of Gbps ) between accelerators across different machines , which allows pre-training of larger models with efficient hardware utilization .
> For them to continue buying from Nvidia , their own chips have to not only be worse , but lag by more than Nvidia ’ s margins I would caution against purely cost-competition thinking . That's not really how corporate buying works . It's more much about ROI than competitive costs in certain markets . For example if I buy ads on google I can get 2.1 dollars back for every dollar spent , on facebook I can get 2.5 , but that doesn't mean I stop spending on google , I spend on both . The other thing is that GPUs / AI Accelerators are not very fungible . While alternatives are in various stages of catching up , most of them are purely not capable of doing the things that nvidia are doing . It's not just a matter of performance / cost , they simply do not work for purpose .
Good analysis . Nvda is a great company , and will likely do well in the near term . They're expected to beat earnings , the guidance is what will be key . But in the mid to longer term as you stated AI industry has yet to prove itself . AI is expensive , and the Mag 7 customers ( Msft , Googl etc ) stocks have recently been ' punished ' by Wall St for AI capex without clear ROI , and will likely attempt to find cost savings in the ways you stated .
I don ’ t think all companies should be at the same multiple . But if I am Making an investment that is a huge part of it - especially in a similar industry .
Cool . It ’ s a 7B parameter model specifically to benchmark against Llama 7B . By the way , AMD GPUs have been used to train a [ one trillion parameter model ] ( https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/supercomputers/frontier-trained-a-chatgpt-sized-large-language-model-with-only-3000-of-its-37888-radeon-gpus-the-worlds-fastest-supercomputer-blasts-through-one-trillion-parameter-model-with-only-8-percent-of-its-mi250x-gpus ) already . The point isn't that Nvidia chips are not the best . The point is that Nvidia ’ s valuation is assuming both of the following : 1 . The spend on AI chips will continue to grow exponentially without any digestion 2 . There will be little-to-no competition on the large / custom use-cases and thus margins will continue to be wide When in fact , both face downward pressure 1 . is because chip spend is front-loaded , as AI efforts can continue once an initial investment is made . 2 . because of the incentive to switch the largest use-cases to a custom stack to save costs .
You're saying nothing . How big is that short position . Is the squeeze hurting yet if I were you I'd get out now before it's too late .
Where is the competition to Blackwell ? I'll wait
Also what you fail to realize is that you think it's only chips that are sold . You do realize Nvidia makes direct money from the chips that they license out to be used in their cloud environment right ? It's not some binary thing that Nvidia only makes money from gpus sold .
Even if AI does eventually live up to ( lofty ) expectations - all new tech goes through cycles . In my view Nvda / AI is better to trade than hold long term , but each investor will have their own strategy .
Lol you out here trying lose people money . Trading is dangerous . You own it for the long term . It's 100 % fact it will be worth more in 5 years than what it is today .
No stock is guaranteed to go up in a straight line . Even the tech OG's like Microsoft lost 50 % after the dotcom bust and traded sideways for a decade .
Oh god here we go with the dot Com bubble bullshit . If you think this is fart apps and optical wire trends then that's on you . Why are you even here to complain and troll ? Nobody once said a stock goes up in straight line and that's some guarantee . During the time period you speak of msft got wrecked not because of the dotcom bubble but because they got smacked by apple and the iPhone and Google anti trust suits . Bro go to the tesla room with this nonsense . I'll meet you over there because that stock price is outrageous .
WHY DO YOU PEOPLE USE ROBINHOOD ? GET A REAL BROKER ! That is all .
Robbing the hood
I wonder if you can report them to the SEC somehow ?
why does everybody use this shit app . Come on use a bit better broker . Im really happy with ibkr . Also prevents me doing stupid stuff
Lol sorry bro , looks like the dip to $ 90 was a Whales Only sale
Lmao if you use robinhood you're asking for this
You can ’ t buy stocks in the middle of the night . Robinhood lets you think you can but the buy order is actually for the next time the market is open . In this case NvDA rallied much higher than the overnight price so it was canceled . Yes , it ’ s weird and scummy they SHOWED you the shares , but they were never really there from an accounting standpoint .
I use E * Trade , never had issues but I ’ m a noob
Robinhood straight up took away 2 shares of GME when I had the position . I decided to open a Fidelity account & do ACATS with my remaining positions . Fractional shares don ’ t transfer so they turn into cash . Robinhood kept the cash . What a shady ass company . I ’ m so glad I ’ m no longer using them
I don't get people skimping on their broker . It such an important aspect of investing to have a reliable platform to trade on . Just like you wouldn't put all your money in a shit bank just because they are cheaper .
If your trade at night , there no guarantee your order will be filled … Also there was sone kind of issue with their aftermarket / 24h market and they ended up shutting til this morning . Regardless , I ’ d pick a real broker ( especially if you don ’ t have a leverage account ) like Schwab or Fidelity that not gonna stop trading cuz the market gets too volatile .
No one should be using RH . OP I'm not saying you deserved it , but you just learned a tough lesson many have . They are corrupt . I would not trust them with a single dollar of my money .
Blame blue ocean
How can they do that ?
Who are they . Report to the SEC .
Post screenshots of your history page . Let ’ s see what you did wrong .
I was so scared they would do this to me . I put a buy order at $ 101 on Friday afternoon , yesterday at 9:25 ET before market opened I saw the price had dipped a lot so I replaced it with a $ 92 order . So far it seems to have gone through but time will tell if they do this to me . NGL kinda does feel like I did something wrong and cheated the system .
That ’ s your fault for using robbinghood after 3 + years of everyone telling you not to . Entirely your fault for using that POS
nvidia will drop to about 70 $ i think then rocket back up next earnings call after .
There was some fuckery on Schwab too . Tried logging in at the opening bell Monday with the huge sell off to buy NVDA at 91 and there were “ login issues ” that they were trying to fix . Had to buy shares at 98
Holy moly ! ! WTF ? ? ?
Could have been too many orders in the opening minutes . And your order number was never meant to be filled to begin with . They just tricked you into believing you actually got the shares when you never did .
RobinHood did provide a notification in all caps within a big yellow box ( Hard to miss ) that Blue Ocean ATS , RobinHood ’ s 24 Hour Market ’ s primary execution service , had suspended overnight trading last night . RobinHood did provide timely notification about it .
Which firm ?
Charles Schwab has think or swim . It's super easy to setup trade automations . I have some trades setup that passively make money with little to no intervention .
Hmmm so a multi million dollar company reverse OP's 20 NVIDIA stocks trade ? Come on its hard to believe
I hope they also cancelled the order for the guy that panic sold his shares at $ 91.70 in the middle of the night
I use XTB . Never had any problem , great broker and app
Who are " They ? ? ? ! " Let's go whip they asses !
Lmfao
are you guys holding options or pure stocks ?
You definitely didn ’ t have the order placed for AHs . Robinhood will show an empty position if you have an order placed but won ’ t actually have shares in your account . Cancelled order means it wasn ’ t filled . Whenever you place an order you have to check through AHs otherwise it doesn ’ t matter how low the price got it won ’ t ever fill it . There is literally no way to take shares or cancel a filled order . A filled order cannot be cancelled cause there is nothing to cancel . You can claim all day they took your shares but if that ’ s the case then report them . You should have all the evidence showing you had the shares in your account and they took them . RH has all the history and documents available . If you don ’ t then you are literally blaming them for your mistake . Don ’ t get me wrong RH is sketchy and unethical but what you are claiming just doesn ’ t make sense . You are a nobody . Tell me why they would just take your shares ? You fucked up accept it and move on .
they all suck . , , schwab has screwed me more than any where has ever been screwed .
Who is " They " ? Let me guess , it's robinhood , right ? IDK why people still use them
Moving stocks , bonds , mutual funds from one brokerage to another is one step called ACAT . Automated customer account transfers . Make sure you set up the account at your other broker . Once you fill out the ACAT online it ’ ll take a few days .
Use Firstrade
Fidelity ftw .
Who is they ? Not much to go from
Did you miss the whole GME thing in 2021 ?
etoro screwed me up , set up a sell order at 105 they sold at 97 set up a buy order at 92 , they bought at 95
Funny because the same thing happened to me except I bought at 93
Use fidelity the app
How does everyone know you were using Robinhood ? Lol , that fact makes me think they are right , platform is trash and also possible user error involved . Should not expect trades on the nyse to execute around midnight , that flat out doesn ’ t happen .
I use E * Trade . Had an open buy order for $ 100 . At the open the next day , they purchased my shares for $ 92 . So no complaints here .
God damn have I never felt more vindicated for transferring my entire portfolio from Robinhood to Fidelity two weeks ago despite the $ 100 RH charged me
Right ? Can't believe Robinhood still exists . By all rights they should not . Fucking scumbag Vlad even said the company wouldn't exist if they didn't fuck over their customers
I'm considering moving my stocks from RH to Fidelity . I've read the steps online and they seem pretty straightforward . Does anyone have experience moving between brokers ?
Honestly if you are still using Robin Hood , you ’ re an idiot .
bc 90 % of people that trade started after the covid craze and they were children that did no DD when looking for a brokerage lmao
yes thanks jesus . Robin Hood is run by that sketchy scummy Russian guy who scammed people into buying dodgecoin during that period when it was over 60 cents . I had RH b4 and I xfered $ $ $ by using a debit card , which was free . Then later on I tried to xfer my $ to my bank , using a debit card too , they said I have to pay $ 50 so I said f that . Then I tried to xfer using my checking account and they froze my $ $ $ . They said they couldn't verify me although they had me connect my checking account to RH using username and password . Then when I called , they said I have to submit my checking account statement for 1 year for them to verify along with my driver license and social security # , so I said F u again . Then finally I figured out a way to do it w / o revealing my finance by signing up for their spending account which acted as a checking account . I put all the brokerage money there , went to my apartment account and pay all the rent in advance using all my cash . RH and my apartment didn't charge me for any fee . Then I closed down my RH permanently . It was a boat load of cash and so I had many month of rents paid in advance . But normally no normal people have to suffer through all this bs and has to jump through hoops just to get their cash out w / o paying some BS fees and going through BS verification .
Because it ’ s the most user friendly interface out there - Iv never had any issues in 8 years . And I have more money in there than 90 % of this sub .
Last evening they reported that certain functions on Robinhood were down . That's a real bummer for everyone who was afflicted .
Still more respectable than Schwab lol
Lol !
No point - he clearly did something wrong , and refuses to post a screenshot of his confirmation for us to see what mistake he made .
The Supreme Court said the SEC has no power now tho .
ibkr is a real business here !
Yep . I ’ m a novice and find IBKR super easy .
This is why I ’ ll only use cashapp for trading .
Lol 🐋 plebeian plankton shares num num
No reason to still be using Robinhood
They also posted on the app they suspended all trading on the 24 market last night
That ’ s not exactly true , they work with an affiliate called Blue Ocean who confirms late night limit orders who runs their 24 hour market and that company suspended trades overnight . It ’ s still scummy and scammy but it ’ s not exaaaaactly true that you can ’ t buy in the middle of the night .
+ 1 , I use e trade too . Their app might be mediocre but they always have a real person answer the phone 24/7 ... and I've called at 1am before . Always professional and helpful .. zero complaints from me
Same , set a limit at 98 got a notification that I got 21 @92 .
thank you for your story
But me money go brrrrrr
Yes Blue Ocean was the service the shut down . It affected other brokerages too , not just RH .
Yeah fuck blue ocean
Look up all the lawsuits and fine Robinhood has been involved in the past 4 years . No reason to stay with a shady broker .
Corruption , greed
You can read above - I did nothing wrong .
Lol ! Nah it ’ s not my fault .
We are not financial advisors 😉
Nobody could get in . We have 2 logins and neither one worked . Good thing actually bc we going to unload some stocks and they ended up rebounding . phew !
Happened to lots of people across many brokerages . Wild times rn
It was filled . I have the receipts . And then they took it away .
This was two nights ago . Nice try RH
RH , but it was all brokerages suffering from the blue out . However RH did take back my shares the next day . I got a notification they were “ canceled ” and then I had less shares and my dca went up ! Lol ! ! They can just take ur shares everyone . Hope everyone knows this now
I ’ m not posting for humor - letting you all know .
RIP SELLERS
Nice to know 🙏
Stocks . Options are optional .
It was filled literally in my portfolio .
Nah I ’ m not a noob . I tried to buy and RH greyed out my buy button back then . They messed up then and now ( or Blue ocean now yeh yeah ) It ’ s not one exchange to blame it ’ s the corrupt nature of whales manipulating the market so they don ’ t get caught in an unfavorable position . It ’ s already hard enough for the retail trader and when the market shuts off the switch because the big money paused it . That ’ s an issue .
A few people on the sub think I ’ m making it up . Sorry it happened to you too !
It was multiple brokerages . And orders go fill over night however Blue Ocean messed up and canceled all order the next day during the market , after the fact , after they were in my possession .
Nice to know that worked for you . Thanks for sharing .
Fidelity might reimburse that $ 100 transfer fee . https://digital.fidelity.com/ftgw/digital/easy/tf/feeinfo
Just go on Fidelity click on open account & then transfer in kind . Easy . Takes a few days for everything to settle out . Robinhood is a bunch of 🤡
Yep . Just moved my IRAs and brokerage from Vanguard to Fidelity ( where my 401K and pension are ) . Easy . Took about a week all told and I didn ’ t have access to the funds in the meantime .
Interactive Brokers , been with them for a decade and they are the best .
For a couple days you wont be able to trade or use either accounts so be prepared for that , it will also take a while for the stocks to be properly updated - when I went from robin-hood to fidelity I think it took around two weeks for everything to be set . If I remember correctly there is a transfer fee from either robinhood or fidelity or both . I still use robin-hood just for alerts and cuz the gui looks way nicer , but only trade on Fidelity
[ deleted ]
Leave a couple junk stocks in your old account ... that way you pay a cheaper transfer fee .
I ’ ve never used a broker tbh and I ’ m so confused by what even happened .
Man this guy fucks
Agreed . They also allow you to trade volatile stocks with unsettled funds . Which is a huge risk acceptance on their end . I wish they had more orders you could place but compared to Webull it ’ s way easier to use . Hell finding the button to actually trade on Webull is hard .
No “ lol ” just do it .
https://ibkr.com/referral/glenn131
> No point - he clearly did something wrong , and refuses to post a screenshot of his confirmation for us to see what mistake he made . This is a known problem for people who traded overnight on IBKR , Robinhood , and others . Blue Ocean ATS had " problems " that night ...
Not really , it ’ s more that overnight sales aren ’ t really official or 100 % promised to go through during open hours
Ima tell GG
I heard IBKR was busting trades too .. it was the broker they use , not the trading platform itself .. I'm sure there is some sort of fine print that says they can do that outside of regular trading hours
It is exactly true though . Blue Ocean can say they have an order for you overnight but when the transaction takes place will be in trading hours and count as a day trade for that day .
Nice ! ! When I set a limit for a price , I never get lower than that price . I use Schwab and choose day + extended hours . What am I doing wrong ?
It ’ s where u find the whales
Absolutely not - this user just doesn ’ t understand how to purchase shares - and refuses to post a screenshot of the confirmation he claims he received .
Post your screenshots . You most definitely did something wrong . Specifically post your purchase confirmation screenshot .
It definitely is . Since the whole GME thing in 2021 , they proved they will fuck over their customers when they want to , and they did it again
How are they not getting sued ?
I know you * think * it was filled . What I'm saying is that it's possible you bought something that never existed because too many orders were placed in the first few minutes of trading . I'm saying they took away something you never had , despite visually appearing as if you had it .
You paid someone who is then supposed to execute your order as soon as the market opens . To you , this looks like you bought them instantly , but you just placed an order .
I had received the notification on August 5th at 8: 10PM .
If you're still using RH after the bullshit they did with gme way back then that's on you . RH always has been a trash brokerage
Ahh ok . I've been hearing and reading all sorts of negatives about them since they showed up . The more unsettling piece of it is they seem to get away with it all .
Then let ’ s see … or don ’ t . Saw you deleted a response that said you had screenshots soooo clearly your reluctance to post them means it shows your error . Everyone that has a legitimate claim posts screenshots initially ? Specifically to get advice . You are just complaining . You don ’ t have to prove anything to anyone but tbh nothing you are saying adds up . Hell I had 1000 nvidia in my portfolio yesterday . RH took it … . Trust me … see ? You can make claims all day . RH has done some sketchy shit but to think a billion dollar company is just going to randomly take shares from one person is so far fetched . I ’ m guessing you contacted them and they confirmed the order was never filled ? Did they say why ? Because it wasn ’ t placed correctly .
Oh wow I an going to look into this
I was with td Ameritrade which got bought by Schwab , , And the Schwab app is terrible .. I'm thinkin of switching to Fidelity .
I actually like vanguard for trades . We got more than our ask last time we sold .
I'm with Fidelity right now . Convince me to switch .
I had so many problems with IB . Site down , trades don't through . No thanks .
For example i was able to buy NVDA at 95 $ on webul pre market just recently .
Not if he's paying rent 🤣 🤣 🤣
Great , let ’ s see that screenshot confirmation then
There ’ s no confirmation notification -
Git Gud ?
Sure . Make sure you post a screenshot of that also .
depends , none of my trade were , they use multiple overnight brokers and some of the trades then went through blue ocean got cancelled , the vast majority went through
Exactly
This . The order will be executed as soon as the market opens . Depending on the broker , if you bought at 92 and tge price at market open is actually 102 , they may or may not execute your order . Most likely they won't , because the price is different . You are not buying anything when the market is closed . You are placing an order that will happen when the market opens , or not , depending on price , broker , etc .
I understand what you ’ re saying , but they commit to making the buy so the effect is the same . They shut down but somehow RH still allowed people to think they were confirming the sale which is sheisty af
I have no fucking clue what I ’ m doing … 😂 but really tho , I ’ d guess because it dropped so fast that ’ s what it ended up at ? But again idk what I ’ m doing
You have to turn on Algorithmic trading to get a lower price than your limit . It's a weird setting that's turned on by default but maybe traders tinker with settings . But you're probably just setting Limit orders higher than market price , so it executes at your limit .
This is not true . There ’ s no way I messed up buying limit lol ! BK just mad I caught the 91 bottom
Lol ! Or I bought shares and they were there and the next trading day they canceled them after I owned them for over 12 hours and 4 hours of the next trading day . In my possession . Order executed . No yellow notices in the app yet this was before they announced that blue blue canceled everyone ’ s orders . Then they canceled the order after the fact ( 12 hours later ) and the shares were gone . Poof ! TLDR : 😊
I bought them at 1:55 am . They went through they sent a verification and the . They were there until 12 hours later I got a message they were canceled and they disappeared . I understand what you ’ re saying , however I had the shares in my possession by all legal measures .
Yeah yeah blame the plebeian trading with ubiquitous technology and not the mass cooperations blacking out the retail traders from successfully buying . It ’ s funny everyone jumps against RH . But it was every exchange . RH does end up sketchy tho .
If it weren ’ t for those meddling kids
I have screenshots but they are not for you or the internet . Why are you mad lol ?
That is super true ! I hate the Schwab app . It ’ s the most user unfriendly app available .
Fidelity app is no better , website yes , app sucks
In fidelity , if we keep a limit order and money doesn ’ t exist in the balance then will the balance go to negative ?
No point , you ’ re already home ! !
This ...
When you find out , let a girl know ! ! May you always make the right moves lol
You didn ’ t catch anything clearly since you don ’ t have the shares , which is exactly the point post a screenshot and will show you exactly what you did wrong Nobody is mad , jealous or out to get you anytime they try to point out a mistake that you made
Here is a perfect example of why posting screenshots ( something extremely easy to do ) should be a requirement . This person clearly did something wrong - and cant , or rather does not want to , post a confirmation screenshot becsuse the shares were most definitely not executed , never in his “ possession “ . Now , instead of posting a screenshot so people can tell him what he did wrong and he won ’ t have to repeat the mistake . He rather bramble on pointlessly blaming everything but his ability to properly make a purchase .
What brokerage allows you to trade before 4am ?
Why am I mad ? ? 😂 bro you are the one crying about being screwed over somehow . I could care less . I know how to place orders correctly . RH has some really good articles on them for beginners you should check them out .
Yes . As a UX designer for 15 years and who has been trying to use that for 3 months . It ’ s a certified dumpster fire . And guess what Schwab could care less . The more money you lose because of the crap UI the more money they make .
Just remember , buy low sell high . 🤷‍♂ ️
Stop trying to get me to send you pics
What is ur validation for having such an unnecessarily strong stance about something that didn ’ t happen to you ? You really can ’ t mess up a buy . You set a limit it goes thru and then you own the shares especially if they send u a confirmation u own them . All of this happened . I just told Reddit so others would know that your brokerages - if my case RH - can take away your shares after you own them . And yes it was across multiple brokerages because Blue Ocean canceled them . That however doesn ’ t not change the fact I owned them in my portfolio and then I didn ’ t after they were removed half a day later . I ’ m not picking a fight w you , you can keep being the smartest in the room if you want . I ’ m a successful trader , I don ’ t need your validation . Lol .
Ya agreed . My guess is he never actually had the shares I know RH will show an empty position on your account signifying that you have an order placed but not actually filled . I ’ m also guessing homie but in a market order for normal hours not after hours . Which is a common mistake I do that all the time in a hurry . If RH canceled your order that means it was never filled . What OP is saying is illogical
None . But apparently Robinhood lets you think you can from this posr
Robin You does .
There are literally multiple people who this happened to all over Twitter ( x ) - and it happened to them on IBKR . Nice try though .
The only thing I ’ m afraid of is having all my money with one institution with all the cyber attacks ! It ’ s so crazy with all these advanced hackers and it only get worse with AI
You're in the right . Many traders had their trades canceled overnight . I don't know why someone is hasseling you for proof .
You can most definitely “ mess up a buy “ . You are a clear example of it . Nothing went through and you didn ’ t own any shares , there ’ s no confirmation , otherwise you would post it . Successful trader . Lol . Post a screenshot of your 5 year chart . End of story .
It was filled .
You really need to look at how brokerages with overnight trading achieve overnight trading . It ’ s not even after hours trading . Also look into settlement dates . RH never actually secured you the shares
Nice try ? ? 😂 😂 😂 sounds like you are the one that needs to try … try something different . Like don ’ t be an idiot and complain about being an idiot .
For real , multiple bots … ( people ) want my picture I guess
You def don ’ t control any narrative on the internet . Good try though .
A lot of traders reporting the same thing happened to them : Filled orders getting reversed after 12 + hours , along with an error message . There's nothing anyone can do about it . Brokerages reserve the right to reverse trades and there's no appeal process .
OP just being dumb .
Another redditor commented on your post that there are multiple people across multiple exchanges this happened to . Sounds like you might be the one confused .
You keep digging yourself deeper into a clueless amateur hole . That ’ s crystal clear to anyone that reads this thread - judging by the downvotes you receive . Where ’ s no narrative or conspiracy here - you are just clueless about purchasing shares , clearly , and you have absolutely nothing to do now other than to jump topics instead of simply posting a screenshot of your mistake to learn . There ’ s really absolutely no reason for you to continue replying to me unless you have a screenshot of the nonexistent confirmation you claim you got . So so simple - yet you rather ramble on about narratives 😂
Def not “ being dumb ” I owned the shares for over half the next trading day and then they took them back . With no yellow warning label . Nice try RH
Let me guess you have proof of that too but won ’ t share it either ? ? ? Take the L bro
I literally haven ’ t done anything but tell the story what happened . It ’ s cool if it makes you feel smart you think you know how to buy stocks better than someone else lol ! I had my shares removed after the fact . No other story here . I don ’ t get why you keep going on about it .
You still don't get it . Go do whatever you want .
Just read above . Ppl commenting on your posts about how it happened to many others .
What you did is tell your version of the story what I ’ m telling you is there ’ s clearly an explanation , if you want to know what the actual issue is - post the screenshots .
Yes ser
The version of the story that happened to me . So it ’ s the story . I bought limit received them and hours later during market they removed them . It was because of Blue Ocean . However that doesn ’ t me that it wasn ’ t shady that I actually owned them and then they were removed . That seems like that is too late for them to cancel my shares since they are in my possession . There is literally nothing I could have done to mess up . That ’ s the story . Enjoy your day trolling Reddit
You didn ’ t limit buy and receive anything . Or you would have got a confirmation . Which you didn ’ t . And refuse to post . Someone that replies to every comment as yourself surely cares enough to do so , hence , would immediately post a screenshot backing up his fairytale story .
I did get a confirmation . I have a screenshot of it and it ’ s in my RH history . You on the other hand are spending another day arguing me lol !
Someone literally replied to you above about how this happened to multiple people on multiple brokerages and you still are arguing me . It ’ s all over Reddit and X and you ’ re still arguing me . Have a nice day
If you had that you would ’ ve posted it immediately and we would ’ ve told you exactly what you did wrong . You ’ re the one that ’ s wasting time creating a thread , asking questions and embarrassed to show a nonexisting screenshot . So go ahead and post it you can ’ t because there is none
And plenty of people also explained that you incorrectly purchased it after hours , and it didn ’ t fill correctly . That ’ s what happened to you exactly . You never got a confirmation you don ’ t have any screenshot .
I didn ’ t ask question I posted a story that happened . No one asked for your opinion - there was no question to begin with .
You ’ re simply wrong . And it doesn ’ t matter anyway . Enjoy being right on Reddit .
You keep digging yourself into a more ridiculous amateur hole . You claimed your shares were taken away from you because Robin Hood was “ made you found a bottom “ 😂 . There ’ s really nothing to talk about . It ’ s clear that you don ’ t wanna post a screenshot because you ’ re absolutely wrong . There ’ s literally no other reason why you wouldn ’ t post and end this entire debate .
Oh , I ’ m absolutely correct . I knew it from the second . You never posted a screenshot that you don ’ t have . There ’ s nothing you can say to change that fact you never confirmed your shares . They never sent you a confirmation and you have no screenshot .
I ’ ve seen you attack others for screenshots , no one wants to send you pics . This is a documented event , but keep denying it .
All I ’ ve seen is you get down voted from every reply you answer . It ’ s hilarious you keep answering when you know you have no screenshot and you sound and look ridiculous . You would love to post that imaginary screenshot and prove me wrong but you can ’ t do it and it ’ s killing you
It actually seems to be bothering you lol ! Lots of people have had great discussion in regards to this post . 🤖
It ’ s actually bringing me joy how much time you ’ re spending answering wasting your time which clearly indicates you care enough about this yet you can ’ t reply with anything to prove your fairytale story . I ’ ll wait now for you to reply again and I guarantee there won ’ t be a screenshot .
Bought calls for Aug 2 when it hit $ 104 . Was a good morning to wake up to . Cashed out for 140 % Still have my $ 120 calls for September now that I just need to hit and the positive news from Microsoft and likely Meta this week have me optimistic .
lol
NICE ! We needed to see GREEN after the last torturous 2 weeks in red !
Lord have the machine I am order
Lol man you pulled this from the Forever drake music video . classic . I remember bumping this in high school . I feel so old now lol
I was pissed I only had enough to buy a handful of calls when it was that low 😂 😂
Just keep buying it will go up to 1200 $
Good news is that it is $ 104 again so you can buy more !
What in tarnation
I am hoping it touches 140 by end of week
Fully erect . The line , I mean , it ’ s fully erect today … .
All the people who bought at $ 135 finally see hope lolll
AMD ’ s purchase of ZT confirms they are behind and Lisa Su confirms there is a lot more business coming .
I ’ m unlike many of you . I don ’ t like this fast run up to $ 130 . I would have preferred a slow run up to $ 120 then to $ 140 after earnings . I ’ ve seen this story before . Run up of 35 % then they only bring in $ 26B instead of $ 26B and one cent and it crashes to $ 100 .
lol keep the bullish articles coming ! it was not long ago that it was one negative publication after another lmao 😂
When people start posting to the moon it's a good sign of to the floor baby ! ! 👇
🚀
We'll see
The moon seems quite short sighted , TO JADES-GS-z 13-0 / astronerdhere
To Uranus ! ! !
To everyone who ’ s bitching : please sell your shares while you still have your “ gains ” . Let us take an advantage of your decisions in near future . Go NVDA ! ! ! 📈
I am thinking $ 150 by the time earnings come . I ’ m up on my $ 124 buy price now let ’ s pump it .
So when would be the best time to sell anyway ? Or just hold till 2030 lol
Dreaming of exponential growth 5 times over the next 5 years compared to the last 5 . Till then I'll keep buying NVDA
Imagine thinking someone's mad when y'all have 0 clue about global economics
will buy more when today's rally ends , honestly crazy gains
Is it a good idea to hold stocks when it hits 135 $ ? Or prefer selling ?
I hope it hits 50 $
You mean tomorrow ? ! 💎
Tomorrow , Your bussiness hours will have a price of 129/130 by market open . in EU just opened and it's 118 Euros , a 3 % up from yesterdays close
It will hit 140 this week and 150 and 160 next week
Maybe next week before ER
Touch … What an inappropriate word , especially if it ’ s going to Uranus .
Nvidia makes me erect too
I jerked off last night , is that what you want to know ?
Yall better sell off if you couldn ’ t handle the first red storm 😂 😂 😂
That just proves AMD has a lot of upside whereas Nvidia is already priced in for long term .
heheheheheheheheh
To 91
99 % of these guys cheering are short term gambling cause they see how volatile Nvidia has been .
Do you not remember GME or watch Dumb Money . There were diamond hands and Moons every second comment , and that was on GME . NVDA is a conglomerate . Back to GME it hit 325 before the bears 🐻 🌈 took it down .
? Worst correction caused it to go to 90 , how can it possible get lower than that ? ? ?
We are going to Pluto since they kicked it out . lol
Same answer was given in 2010 , you don't sell
I took economics bud 😭 imagine me saying Microsoft gnna hit 100 dollar a share . Pretty stupid right ?
Good , it's better to buy when the price is higher .
15 x times in four years
This guy stocks ! ! Buy high sell low !
if you don ’ t think this stock has at least 6 more quarters of crushing earnings as ai continues to get situated what do you think has a bigger potential to transform the economy right now ?
Never happening buddy ☝ ️ 🤓
The fact that you all think the crisis is over is the funny part
LoL ... 😎
I'd of told you this is hot air 24 hours ago . After today ? 50/50 you're right
it definitely makes my birches tight !
How exactly does it prove that ?
That'll be great . Sell now buy back in at 91
I sell my puts tomorrow 🤘 😌 remember it always goes up and then down and vice versa be on the other side always you are dealing with criminals I mean smart money
Yea stocks only go up . Forgot 🤣
When 20 years ago
Hey , someone needs to buy for a transaction to occur .
can you explain this to a dummy like me ? Why buy high sell low ? ? ?
Pltr
I do believe that AI would revolutionize the industry however the gains of the companies using AI hasn't been very overwhelming . Interesting to see how they perform , because I believe nvda will soar , but asking for your thoughts too …
Hold up there , Timothy . See Tom , our banks , if you are from the U . S . as am I , have quite a large multiple , yes Tad I said multiple , of around 28-31 trillion that have out in bets , loans , crime , and all sorts of other " areas " . If so much as a tiny wrong-placed rock at the bottom comes loose , well the whole mountain gets smaller overall . Only thing you can do then , Todd , is worry .
He forgot to put 2 in front of
The fact that u think a company like nvidia can hit 50 a share shows how financially illiterate you are . 90 makes sense again , even 80 , but 50 🤣 🤣 🤣
Looks like someone is mad they didn ’ t buy nvidia shares when it was at $ 100 .
Which crisis is that , Waldo ?
Anyone that is selling right now or in the next few days is leaving money ... possibly alA LOT of money on the table .
Not great for my Calls but agreed , I'll buy as much as I can in the 90s .
Good Luck !
You mean “ schtonks ” only go up ⬆ ️ 😂
Draw a line from the inception of the market to today ? What's the general direction ?
It already declined 25 % from its ATH . Not sure what you don ’ t understand ?
lol i think i miswrote , after this rally when it sells off a bit , i'll load back in . been swinging it the last 2/3 trading days but honestly didn't expect 129 $ today when premarket hit 123 , thats crazy
doesn ’ t their software stack run on gpus ?
fb wasn ’ t profitable when it was growing crazily , neither were netflix amazon or apple . Nvidia is profitable like crazy and is growing crazily . AI doesn ’ t need to be profitable for the market to grow and the entire ai market is fueled by nvda . Every penny i have is going into more nvda stock
It is not Nvidia that hits 50 , but people selling the stocks that make it to 50 . Eventually , many will cash in , the price will go down , panic sell from the general public , and downer it goes . This is a known pattern for overpriced stocks . Set a stop loss just in case , and you'll be fine .
I sold my puts today 🤘 🤘 🤘 I know these fuckers game 😆
Why you think / decline / is limited ? Or has a limit ? I've seen some things in my time , few have had this limit you speak of , and only a remembrance of the past to utilize .
?
Already went to $ 90 where people panic-sold . What will make it happen this time then ?
Congrats
That crazy talk , when in history have panicked only once ? After the first disaster , people will panic over a loud fart . Until its calm for long enough that our goldfish memory resets .
💪 💪 💪
I ask again - what will make it hit $ 90 again ?
now buy calls
And yet price continues to drop
Is $ 111.50 a bad average ?
CHEAP ASS NVDA STOCK ALWAYS LOSING MONEY SINCE JUNE 20TH THE DAY I INVESTED AT $ 138
they're just doing this to make all the regards continue to buy NVDA while they sell off their gains laughing away
doesnt matter
These can ’ t just be naive analysts that are overly optimistic with earnings a couple weeks away , right ?
I ’ ve got 44 shares in my IRA at $ 25 avg and buying more as long as it ’ s under 100
I ’ ve been trading NVDA since November last year and could only afford four shares @400 . Now after the split and the dips I ’ ve got 150 shares . Dips are always great for trading up for free . Last time it dipped at 140 , sold all my shares at average buy of 112 for 129 . Bought back in at 120 with same dollar value and netted around an extra 25-28 shares . But this “ correction ” has happened at least ten times now . When they start missing on quarterly reports then I ’ ll be concerned
Those analysts are always super accurate . / s
Just give me 250 ; 1M
I bought in at $ 55 and sold at 90 . Had to buy back in on avarage $ 12.90 . Selling this stock afain one day will be very difficult ?
Glad I got out at $ 121 ... putting $ to work in diversified investments .
This upgrade will make the reversal so badly needed for the share holders expecting stocks to go straight up
This is a meme stock analysts know nothing of the meme
[ deleted ]
Watch it go to $ 129 after earnings then drop off a cliff the week after earnings to $ 89
Short term voting machine . Long term weighing machine . You invested in NVDA because you believe in it . Day to day it ’ s going to go up and down for reasons out of your control . But if they come in and beat estimates the stock has no choice but to go up . Now if you think they wont meet estimates , then it ’ s time to exit .
That ’ s because people are panic selling and you know institutions and insiders will buy at these lower prices . There ’ s so much selling pressure right now it overrides any buying or positive momentum
That short term thinking will cost you money . Nvidia is up in a major way this year , and likely to continue for the foreseeable .
You're reading far too much into short term price action . There is a lot of volatility in the index . The VIX just set an all time record yesterday . NVDA is part of the broader market too , you know ?
I ’ m at like $ 121 … .
Pretty good , I ’ m at $ 112.68
$ 39 avg here : smug :
500 at $ 98.5
I ’ m in at $ 112.49 for 25 shares . I view NVDA as a long term investment not a bet on the roulette table
Yeah for the short term . But if you are holding for many years you should be okay . I have the same average
as of this very moment , could be lower , in years to come , i'm sure it'll be great
11 shares at 113
Yes . Only downhill from here .
You should be slowly averaging down while it's on sale
The time to get in was $ 10 - $ 15 a couple years before the split . At this point it could go up however the cliff will be a lot higher whenever " the stock " , some CRWD style f-up , investors or the entire market decides to crap the bed ( which no one knows but we should all be prepared for ! ) . I sold a bunch of my CRWD at 138 % gain the other week for no good reason . My remaining shares are " all the way down to " + 40 % . Stuff happens ...
This is how I feel about it . The narrative is NVDA is doing well ! When these institutions let go in millions , things dip further and I feel like they are buffering the fall with retail investors .
I see a lot of baseless speculation here when all of nvidias customers beat their own earnings grew their profits and said how important it was to invest even more money into ai . I feel like a lot of people just cannot get their mind around the fact that the language models are the hype cycle but language models are not ai , it ’ s been marketed that way . Real ai progress is still happening at greater rates every day and more use cases get implemented . I ’ d really feel like it ’ s not intelligent to be bearish , these are not some crazy P / E ratios that rival the dot com era . Betting against nvidia is betting against humans ever solving self driving and automating entire factories and agriculture farms . It ’ s betting against machine learning . It ’ s betting against companies not trying to maximize profits . In their earnings they are going to beat it by 2 bil and project another 20 % profit growth for next quarter . Realistically the only thing that has changed from now and when the stock was 130 , was only media sentiment . The ai hype is not like metaverse , I ’ m a business owner and some of my customers are multinational corporations , believe me they are all figuring out uses for ai . Ai has been a massive win for logistics . For example , one of googles ai has became perfect at predicting weather , there is similar ai ’ s that I know about that predict inventory needs based on likely sales . Every company that has a shelf life for a product is now using this and cutting down on waste . I have seen so many unique ways ai is being implemented yet I see so many comments where the furthest extension that they know about right now is chat bots and image generators .
That's fine . I'll still have my shares when they buy back in and it eventually goes back up higher .
They are only naive when it suits the narrative .
The targets are generally 12 month targets so “ close earnings ” don ’ t really factor
I got out at $ 125 and put my money in SMH . I am so exposed to tech in my ETFs and mutual funds that my individual stocks are anything but tech .
You're better off really . Most people on here should just be in VTI , but they don't realize they're just gambling and will end up with less money eventually
Why do you keep thinking OPs already know everything you know ?
So then sell some if it does and keep some dry powder
They don't buy a lot and if they do they know that it'll pump and then they take profits . They're traders , not investors
Then you know what you should do right ? Buy
It was Monday , not yesterday . Also , it wasn ’ t an all time record - it was the highest since the pandemic .
Like 130isg here
I'm at 43
i am in very similar . 26 with avg of 113 . buying from Australia too ( probs not that cost efficient but oh well ) Thinking of getting more now its below 100 .
I think it will bottom out to $ 90 and then surpass $ 120 by earnings .
But you can * see * that nvidia is doing well . Go read their 10K and 10Q reports . The company is growing massively and has created an interesting tru-oply with TSM and ASML . Nvidia is using 90 % of TSMC's node capacity . There are other good companies in the space , like AMD , but Nvidia is absolutely killing it right now and will likely get an even bigger boost from Blackwell demand . Are you suggesting they're fudging their financials ?
If that ’ s how you feel then you guys don ’ t know shit about the business LOL
Yeah , 10 years later you mean ...
True but Nvidia has for awhile now beat 12 month targets in no time
SMH is definitely more balanced than just NVDA , good move long-term , you get other semi companies as well . I recently sold my SMH at $ 236 since I decided I didn't want to be in sector ETFs .
Gotem
Lol my other account is $ 131 so I understand . Bought it in my Roth and to a smaller degree my taxable .
hopefully hits that in january
We could very well see $ 95 tomorrow . I grabbed another 1.5 shares today $ 101 . I might wait until Friday & see where it ’ s at . I also have a value stock I ’ m keeping an eye on
I'm greedy i want 150 after earnings
It already did just a few days ago . It ’ s just there ’ s so much selling pressure on stocks it ’ s crazy
That is if earnings beat expectations which is definitely no guarantee especially after what we ’ ve been hearing about the last week
There's nothing wrong with Nvidia as a company doing what they do . The problem is investors are already looking years ahead on how FEASIBLE Nvidia's product actually is in the long run . This isnt Amazon , Google , Meta etc . that have proven their worth in what they sell . Nvidia's success is literally just harping on a new revolution hype right now . Hype which hasnt translated to real profits for Nvidia's customers till now
Doesn't mean they're cheap . They may be way overpriced .
Not at all . ( Answeing to you last Q ) . How would anyone even prove that ? I wish I sold several weeks ago . Or even yesterday . Stock price seems to me is very pliable based on notion and outlooks based on speculation on top of intrinsic value of the company . Given that , even their solid performance by matrix isn't enough that sometimes the share price will drop on the slightest negative signs . This and vice versa in the other direction is happening all the time and we are seeing it . It is just unfortunate when there is buy rating on the stock yet it continues to tank for weeks . That is where the emotional response is coming from . Not trying offend anyone .
The business of shares is supply and demand
I don't and I will never claim that I do . 😂
No . Maybe 2 years
I'm over subscribed to ETFs but they all serve their purpose . Most I would hold onto but I actively trade SQQQ and TQQQ . If you wake up every morning and pay attention to what's going on , you can make so much money actively trading them , and they trade after hours . But you'll lose your ass if you don't watch the market , and I mean CNBC is muted in the background so you can drift your eyes to it a thousand times a day . And I would never option them .
What is the other stock you're keeping an eye on ? I like hearing about what other people are checking out .
With that small of amounts you should just index in qqqm
That ’ s not being greedy at all I believe is very reasonable .
Eh , not really . Parallel computing is not a sudden development . This revolution has been underway ever since CPUs first went multi-core 2 decades ago , and even before that too . It's part to due with Moore's Law coming to an end . In order to improve chips and compute at this point , we need new ways of approaching software and hardware integration . What Nvidia has apparently achieved with Blackwell is very impressive on this front , including the memory busses between discrete GPUs , or so-called interconnects . A lot of people on this sub don't seem to understand much about the hardware and software developments happening in real time behind the scenes . They're just seen or heard about ChatGPT and that Nvidia has been going up a lot . And a lot of people think it's gotta come down just because it's gone up so much . But when you actually project forward into the future , the map looks quite good for Nvidia . ( and a host of other companies ) Machine learning and deep learning has already been useful for a long while and these new generation of chips just unlock a whole new level of potential use cases and new AI designs . Will the price go down ? Yeah , it certainly could . Black swans or grey swans could drag nvidia down or make it go sideways long enough for competitors to catch up . But the barriers of entry to this industry are stark and most other companies do not have the type of hardware and software setup that Nvidia offers . Compare them to Apple with Apple's walled garden and ecosystem . Nvidia has that type of moat , at least for the time being . Also , I don't know what you're talking about but Nvidia has been around longer than Meta , Google and Amazon . Nvidia has a long track record of success and Jensen Hoang and team revolutionized 3d graphics in the 90 ' s .
What do you mean they may be ? Do you know how to read a financial statement ? If they're overpriced , you should be able to point to specific parts of their reports that indicate this . Can you ?
I'm not offended . I'm just saying . First , a 10:1 split just happened . That is good news for the stock itself because it means more liquidity . Second , it's gapped upwards on its ascent to $ 140 . Gaps often get filled . Third , the macroeconomic environment is testy right now . If / when the Fed cuts rates that will be fuel for the stock market to begin rallying again . Just need to be wary of inflation but Jerome Powell seems to have a good handle on things and the Fed's track record under Powell has been good .
https://www.itpro.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/openai-could-go-bankrupt-in-12-months-if-it-doesnt-raise-some-serious-cash-but-is-the-microsoft-backed-ai-giant-too-big-to-fail Wake the hell up . You can read up on all the analyses going on right now . Theres literally NO proven use cases of AI that can lead to substantial revenue that can cover the overheads . Tech CEOs are just throwing money blindly into the furnace right now hoping some shit sticks . 2 years is when they wake up , realize theyve been burning cash and NVDA collapses cos their key customers for AI are now pulling back
UWMC . Their ER yesterday was good . IMO , when the Fed starts cutting rates that means mortgages will be cheaper & therefore available to more people . Again , this just my opinion & I ’ m certainly no expert … it just feels good / right to me
Lumber is down 40 % . Good long term buy .
It doesnt matter how good the tech is and how there's a lack of competition . You are missing the whole point . Demand . If there's no consumer demand , what's the point ? Where's the ROI ? ? And btw Nvidia wasnt really growing before the AI wave . The hardcore gaming market is declining year by year due to a stagnating demographics where more younger gamers prefer cheap free MMOs instead of investing in a gaming PC
No . But they're obviously overpriced at $ 140 or they wouldn't be at $ 97 right now lol ! Yes , they ARE overpriced right now ! That's what I mean . If they hit $ 50 soon , they were OVERPRICED at $ 100 .
Wrong
I'll check them out
You're not making good moves . I've never heard of those stocks . You're just gambling . You're better off investing in indexes and only adding and not selling until you retire
Dude , are you stupid ? Nvidia's gaming business is a tiny fraction of its business at this point . The demand is massive but it's coming from data center outlays , not consumers . And Nvidia has grown consistently since the 90 ' s . Again , you don't have a clue what you're talking about . You are missing the whole point . Parallel computing .
Sounds like you might just be kind of a moron , no offense . Stay in school 👍
I ’ m a former Mortgage Loan Originator . UWM is a quality Mortgage Wholesaler . If the Fed cuts rates by 50 bp in September as expected that means more people can start buying homes for which they ’ ll need a mortgage . The Stock Market is a gamble … just a better bet than at a casino
I doubled my money on LUMN in the last 2 days … do you think that wasn ’ t a good move as well ?
True . Yeah I think home depot is another good bet if that's true . Just stay diversified .
Sure it's good , but then you have to constantly keep it up . Let's say your next bet isn't great and you lose a lot . After you average all your bets for 5 years , see if you beat the sp500 . Most people don't . That's why they say you're better off just passively investing into indexes . Sure you can hold msft googl and nvda and never sell them and probably gain some alpha , but not if you trade in and out like most of the people do on here . Buy and hold good companies is the best bet . Problem is , is that most young people don't know what " good " companies are and they're too impatient . Young people think 5 years is an eternity ...
I agree HD is a good stock to own . Personally I have a problem investing in them due to their owner .
I agree with completely on this . I ’ m fortunate in that my retirement is secure … . due to the sp500 . The individual stocks I buy is what I do to replace my sports betting which has given me a terrible profit to loss ratio . I think I ’ ll do better with stocks 😂 . Personally , NVDA is a company I believe & plan to hold 5-10 years . I also truly believe in UWMC as a company . They have great leadership
Up $ 14,318 . 09 today ! !
Today was a 40k swing back into the right direction . 🥳
Up $ 1294 or 12.8 % . It ’ s not much but I ’ m just happy to be here .
Dollar away from breakeven lol
Up $ 410k today
I wouldn't call it a gamble after 25 years , but up $ 641k today .
Up 300k today
Bought at $ 104 hoping to continue to average down if it continued to slide . Pleasantly surprised today with META earnings and NVDA surging . On Monday I was down $ 5k across all tech . Now back up .
From - $ 22k to - $ 12k
Up $ 18.7 k + $ 4.8 k ( after hours ) for the day . Most of it from NVDL .
Well I ’ m still losing but getting close to breaking even again
Ok , I'll admit it , and this is a rare moment in time . I was strongly thinking about dumping . Mainly because although I've been watching a while , that drop was starting to look unhealthy . But it was THIS SUB that caused me to cancel my stop loss order , hibernate the laptop , and walk away . Because that's the only healthy thing you can do when you commit to staying in , and weathering the storm . The longer you stare at a car crash , the slower you end up driving immediately after .
+ $ 6,654 . 31
I ’ m pleased . Still adding . Not sure when I ’ ll stop adding . I guess I ’ ll probably always add .
24 % away from breaking even
Up $ 37k
my account was up 45 % but I ’ m not smiling until we ’ re at new ATHs
+ 46k . Balls deep in nvdx .
I was happy with my $ 400 gain 👍🏼
Up 1k , bought back in in the pre market today at 111 lol I sold yesterday but hey at least I'm back in
Heavy hitters smh . Thrilled w a $ 4k win today w NVDU and NVDX . Park money here every time NVDA nosedives to $ 100 .
30 % profits . Not a gamble , analysis with calculated risks
Up 12.81 % from yesterday
Up $ 2,819 ! I ’ ll take it . Wish I would have bet more on it but wins a win
Up $ 220k today , to the moon baby
We all went up 14.58 %
Up $ 500 . I ‘ m living on the same planet like you , just with less digits .
Very nicely . May it keep climbing .
+ $ 4,500 from previous day ’ s buy , up a lot more from the shares accumulated
Great , I use Nvda and Nvdl . No options . I think it did a minor correction falling to 105 from as high as 130 ... hopefully we run it back to 130 then 150 before Sept and rate news again . I'm up 16K on both
I don ’ t gamble with NVDA . I invest .
Was up 15k yesterday . Not bad !
I ’ m mad was going to buy $ 50K yesterday but panic and didn ’ t . Now I ’ m kicking myself lol
My RH account is in transition to schawb this week . LOL ... figures .
I don't consider NVDA a gamble , it's an investment for 20 years . What happens day to day or month to month , doesn't concern me
up $ 5k today , but down from the ATH soo LFG bring on the earnings rally
Up 6k past week from all of the volatility
Tomorrow will be nice too cuz it ’ s up pretty good in the after hours too .
60k up today
Up 37k today .
Stay the course !
Good , just wish I bought more as always
Pretty , pretty good .
No leverage , 300k , I think . Edit : the last two weeks have been hideous .
Up 78k … but been down almost the same in two days . Please hold everyone and you will be rewarded .
Up 5k today , almost breaking even only down 2k now . Regardless I ’ m holding long term .
Up 5k today , almost breaking even only down 2k now . Regardless I ’ m holding long term .
+ $ 8,373
Yesterday I shorted nvdl and got some 50 2dte puts and it went down , sold 5 minutes before market close . But after seeing such big green dildos in the NQ1 I woke il at 7am and bought 250 NVDL and a 2dte 59 call that I'm still holding $ 1500 yesterday + $ 3500 today including AH
Back in the green , barely by 1.2 % , but thank heaven .
Currently at break even
Soo great had a full stretch of weekly calls bought end of Tuesday 103c 104c … . 106c exp this week .
I cut it at break even cause I bought calls last week that were really hurting this week
$ 16,080 . 89
DCA ’ d my 08/16 140 calls
Did good . Waiting to see what happens at 15:30 European time when my option values update . Have a feeling today is going to be a good day .
Not bad .. bought 1k at 110 , another at 103 . My average is down to 116 now . Iwould have liked more but my savings are lower than Id like . I was going to dump most of my RBLX today if the price was still suoer low and biy NVDA , but yeah .. its back up atill prob worth doing honestly . I never lock in a loss .. but NVDA presents opportunity which Im faltering on seeing long term with RBLX . I could make up my 40 % losses I bet .
Up 4K for the day
I sorta profited both ways , had a few synthetics since 113 and sold the short put side few hours before MSFT earnings
was down 17k at one point . Now only down 1k . Thanks for the support here in getting me to hold .
Bought @ $ 111 and sold at $ 116 lmao
My gamble was to not sell . Glad I didn't .
I hadn't realized it , but after that huge tech selloff , COKE had become my highest holding . NVDA gained 6k today , and it's basically caught up again .
Paper hand me locked in profit while I had the chance . 😔 😔 sold at $ 114
Up 15.5 million today .
97K
I'm still red because I hold a hefty bag from 140 $ s ... Stupidest mistake I've ever made .
$ 135 lfg guys come on ! ! !
Up 200k
Added 12 shares at 104 so I ’ m happy .
I ’ m up only 3 % but hey at least aint red anymore . Should I sell and wait for the dip ? Idk if it ’ s going to drop tomorrow , but that would be a good opportunity to take a small profit and get a better avg price .
i made $ 600 on a $ 140 call on nvdl strike 52 bought tuesday and sold wednesday had i held would of made over 1k
Up $ 31k on my position total . Bought in two days ago for the first time . Glad to be apart of the community . Committed to a 5 year hold .
I tossed another grand in there before the rally yesterday morning . Brought my average down to 117 .
Down 3.52 % @ 12:20 pm est
Not so great today
Plus $ 303 . Bought yesterday and sold today .
Dropping like a rock
And right back down LOL
down another 20 bucks bringing me to - 40 all time
😂 😂 😂 great day to buy
Uhhh … . I sold a few dozen CSP ’ s $ 115 strike $ 110 cost basis with 10 DTE yesterday at market open ( before most of the big run up ) … . currently down 5 figures but I guess worst case scenario is I sell weekly calls against my shares @ my cost basis until I can either buy my cost down or the price shoots up and my shares are called away . Not the end of the world but still kinda sucks .
How did we do today ?
Annnnnnd it's gone
NVDA to 700
And I thought my + $ 4 was impressive
Was this options or through stocks ?
Me too ! Club 40 … 🍻
Same swing for me roughly , but still stoked on it !
I also buy $ 30 weekly using STASH . I ’ m holding and will let the chips fall where they may . I can let it ride for maybe ten years then I ’ ll have to pull out . Getting old sucks . Enjoy young uns .
you win some , lose some
Waiting for me to break even so I can finally feel a little better . Hoping not to rage sell after I make some coin and hold this until I have an AI butler at home .
I've made thousands before on NVIDIA but down $ 27.50 on this last run . Almost sold when it was tanking , but kept it cool . I hesitated about buying more , damn it .
Is that you , Nancy Pelosi ?
Time in the market . I bet they call you stubborn for holding on many occasions 😀
Inspiration
Smart money in diamond hands
Is it because of options or shares ?
A win is a win
Breaking even ? Lol you bought the top ?
And you made back a little bit of that loss . Good job getting back in the pool … .. the water feels nice
Why not just hold for years and make real money ?
Same brother .. although 5k for me ha
Im waiting for a shitty eft that takes fidelity a million years too … stupid bullshit
Im at $ 118 as well but loaded up to 250 shares at least , got 8 contracts Nov 15 145c down to $ 5.60 a share . Expect a nice run as we barrel toward an amazing earnings release .
[ deleted ]
[ deleted ]
lol
I got plus 135 and thought I was a trading god
Just stocks
I ’ m not smart enough to do options lol 😆
50k 😝
[ deleted ]
No , there ’ s a 0 missing
It's because they had a TON of money to begin with .
Omg how the heck didn't they predict the future and know a stock wouldn't continue to run ? ! ? ! / s
Thanks :D hope we stay green til earnings and take off to the moon after then 📈
I intend to haha , I just invested way too much for my own good . Margin and all
Hahaha every dollar counts ! ! ! It will dip again … we buy together lol
Correct , more like 1K now .
Yeah didn't age well 😭
I have a series 7 and I ’ m still not smart enough to do options 😂
Despite the crazy run over the last year and a half at every level there's been a pullback . No need to fomo ...
If that happens I think I ’ ll sell a few to get back my investment & just then I just play with profits
Why ? ... you do realize that 90 % of traders lose to the sp500 after 5 years ? ... You're not investing , you're gambling . Just like scratching lottery tickets . My father played for 50 years ended up with $ 0 . Spent $ hundreds of thousands ...
I'll sell enough to pay off my margin I put in for it if that happens xD then be safer and hold a long time
To make money 🤑
But you'll end up losing it in the end . You need to buy and hold and not sell till you retire . Best done via indexes
Hey , if it gets us out of this massive selling pressure pattern we ’ ve been in - I ’ ll take it Let ’ s GO ! !
And here we gooooo
Nvidia going to fucking pump let's gooooo
I love it . It's my 2nd largest position behind NVDA ... and then it's AMZN , GOOGL and now IWM .
NVDA moons tmr ! LFG !
This strengthens Q3 since it's july numbers , still good news nontheless since market is forward looking .
Great News ! !
And that ’ s why you don ’ t sell NVDA until it ’ s your time to completely exit the market .
Good for NVDA Q2 earnings .
So you're saying ... Nvidia's results will be outstanding ? !
My $ 120 8/ 16 calls getting rekt , at hope for upness ?
[ Why TSMC has struggled to Manufacture Chips in Arizona ] ( https://www.nytimes.com/2024/08/08/business/tsmc-phoenix-arizona-semiconductor.html )
Up only 2 % after hours ? 🤔
Our earning hype should start soon until 8/ 28
Why iwm ? No disrespect but wouldn ’ t VTI not be the better choices if you wanted to invest in I guess broader ETF and is somewhat in same price range ? Historically the returns on VTI have far exceeded IWM ) not close ) and generally beats IWM in dividends year after year . Wouldn ’ t even SPY or VOO be better ETFs since their dividends payout crushes IWM ? Anyway , GL on your investments …
NVDA fiscal Q2 ends / includes Jul so good for Q2 mostly - - some will slip into Aug ( Q3 ) due to logistic .
Would be funny ( not funny ) if nvda was like “ we reporting $ 10,000 in quarterly sales and $ 200B in expenses on chips we don ’ t know what to do with ” . Since we all know they could sell a chip thats half working with duct tape on it for profit , we all know its going to be massive . Load up now while shares are on sale and floating at a reasonable $ 104
You need more time but maybe see if you can roll them into later date on Monday or Tuesday if we get a pop up to $ 115 .
It's premarket . Wait til it opens .
Look at the holdings in VTI , VOO , SPY ? It's NVDA , META , GOOG , GOOGL , MSFT , AAPL , AMZN ... it's all the companies I hold . And the returns the last few years aren't really that important as the interest rates were high . That pushes down the small caps . Lower interest rates , the small caps save billions and their stock goes up . Interest rates are coming down either way . With Harris / Walz , they'll continue to come down as the Fed sees fit . With Trump , he wants the Fed under the authority of the POTUS and I don ' know what that means , but if he gets his way , the interest rates will be really low . BOTH things are very good for the Russell . Those things do not help the Mega Caps . That means a period of growth for the small caps . I've still got at least a few thousand shares of TSM , AMZN , GOOGL , MSFT , META ( actually , less than 500 of those two ) . Finally , no , they're not about the same size . IWM has a PE of \ ~ 13 . VOO is twice as expensive as 26 . VTI was ... something like 24 . SPY is \ ~ 27 . So IWM has momentum COMING in what I think will be 75 basis points by Feb regardless of who's President , 25-50 basis points in sept and then ... who knows . But it's time the Russell is gonna run for a while . I didn't sell any NVDA though . Still ... absurdly unbalanced with NVDA making up ... I think 68 % of my portfolio ... but much of that is from the 2020 purchase and that's just what happens with good growth .
I meant TSMC , this strengthens their Q3 . Those numbers have nothing to do with nvidia . I actually think Nvidia's numbers for august might be less if they presold most of their racks and have a 3 month delay !
I used all my funds , and I got 100 calls at . 48 . Looks like I'm taking a Big L next Friday cuz it's $ 4,300 to roll to 8/ 23
hmm a lot of days the premarket had most of the movement ; i'm not sure this news will send this anywhere crazy
Only own nvda and no tsmc so didnt realize you are talking about tsmc . Haha . Good for you as a tsmc shareholder .
Well hope for a pop Mon / Tuesday and sell at a 40-50 % loss if you need to as $ 120 may be a reach . If Monday pops to $ 118 then maybe hold but no catalyst really for that . Hope for $ 110-115 on some build up and sell . Better than losing 100 %
And technically you shouldnt be rolling to 8/ 23 but like 2 weeks after earnings so decay doesnt eat into your profit . Just buy less contracts . Ive got Nov calls
Yeah you're probably right lol
shit stayed so flat 😂
Typical tsmc . Great news +1.2 % bad news - 4 %
20 shares . It ’ ll probably go lower , but 🤷🏻‍♂ ️ . It ’ s gonna go higher eventually . Buy , hold , forget , look . Rinse and repeat .
I don't always buy the dip , But when I do it keeps on dipping ... lol
100 shares at $ 123 ... Should've bought more at $ 90 !
Will buy if it goes under 120 .
Limit buy at 117 and 109 ... just in case ...
Stocks go up ... some go down and never recover . NVDA is not such a stock . Many of us who bought it , are thinking long-term hold . Just take a deep breath , and tomorrow or in a few days , it will be green and up again .
I rode 30 08/23 / 24 125P down from $ 127 to $ 125 then at $ 125 I bought 12 9/20 / 24 135C
130c Aug 23rd here
124.22
This happened 2 or 3 yrs ago … went from 300ish go 180 … then to 900 … . Not selling this time
Not yet , I think it can go lower . Refer to dieselcock on the specifics
Bought 138 dollar call
Absolutely ! Getting more . Keep in mind , everyone ’ s patience will be tested so relax . Lots of pissed off individuals right now for the losses they ’ re taking . Stay hard . Real hard 🫡
3 shares
I bought at what is 120 / share post-split .
i dunno i bought most of my shares at around $ 115 - $ 118 a few weeks ago during the big dip
Bought at $ 116
I have no money currently . I dumped all of my available money ( maybe a little more than that ) at 100 a couple of weeks ago .
Got another 45 @ 128 . Dropped to 125 about 10min after that haha . Looking forward to earnings
Just bought at 123
I added 13 shares @ 129 ... just gonna keep buying when I have the dough . No worries .
50 lmao
Bought 100 at 103
Same
Had it set to sell all at 130 because there was no way it was going above 130 before earnings . Just rebought everything at 125 . All nvdl of course
i got at 127.8 i think 😭
Yep , I bought 100 shares at $ 124 after the split , watched it pop to $ 140 and sink to $ 90 and now I'm even . I plan to hold it forever though , so I sell covered calls . Everyone needs to chill , this thing goes up and down constantly , but zoom out , long-term is definitely up , especially as AI progresses .
Hell yeah
I did but it ’ s above that :)
Amen 🙏
I ’ m waiting for more of a discount but anything can happen .
I just bought 5 calls 08/30 $ 130 It ’ s all I have , but I know it will go up !
Consider Pfizer stock bought with My last pennies !
I buy few more shares at 124
25 at 101
Dip was last week this is just a red day
Let's see how tomorrow plays out . Someone with a lot o ' pull has a hard-on for a down tech sector . Because I'm in at least 10 funds across my 401k and IRA holding NVDA , and not one of them has so much as moved their position . 01 % .
Hell no wtf . $ 110 and below or NOTHING
No . We bought puts at 130
I bought a grip of puts at the most obvious 130 rejection
124.84 and 123.90 .. pulled all my shares in my IRAs yesterday to buy back in today . It ' should ' carry back up a bit tomorrow , but it will definitely not rally past 130 . Wayyyy too many calls open to expire .
Wdym “ dip ” . It was at sub 100 like 2 weeks ago
Sold a few at 128.88 . Then bought the same number of shares at 123.3 .
I bought at 130 right on the open and I ’ ll buy it again
I bought a few shares on margin as I ’ m pretty decent at risk management , I think a few shares at 125 doesn ’ t seem all too bad .
I just got 5 . I ’ m not a big timer like you all .
Is there any patience in investing ? Yesterdays $ 125 is next years incredible bargain / wish I bought way more .
I was closing my CC and selling more at lower strike . Just collecting 💰 💰 on shares I have .
Bought a 3 contract call . Sold a 2 contract call up $ 2300 .
No sir , I bought at 95 and sold yesterday hah
13 shares
Bought a couple at 123 . Hoping for another dip so I could dump everything I have left
Yes . NVDX . 100k .
Essentially lol . I usually do a lot of due diligence before making an investment but bc of my internship didn ’ t have much time . Just funneled all my internship money into Nvidia at 115 , 119 , and 122 . Shit hit the fan so with my non-margin PP doubled down to an avg of 109 . Now I have 133 shares which is about 50 % of my portfolio and am scared as shit for earnings . Up 2k tho and taking out now wouldn ’ t be dumb but fomo will destroy me if sell before earnings
Yep
Why didn ’ t you buy when it was in the $ 90s ?
buddy i bought 25 $ 129 ...
Bought 100 shares this week at 125
Nope , still holding , no plans to sell , in at $ 48
Idk if it'll ever go back to under 2T market cap , but if it does , prob gonna all in on NVDA .
I bought at 1:30 and it has never been above 1:30 unfortunately that is the magic number
1 share @ 125 . Cost basis for all shares is $ 111 . Selling at $ 160 , then buying back if it goes below $ 140
Bought 40 @ $ 99 .
The chart is so ridiculous and unsustainable .
Pretty maxxed out already but I bought one more share at $ 125 LOL
I initially bought at $ 385 , well before the 10/1 stock split , and bought again when it dipped to $ 100 .
No , bought at an average of $ 31.50 , starting in 2021 .
I just bought 565 shares at $ 128.20
Yep I bought shares and a call at 125 when it dipped today
13 shares for me .
This is what has prevented me from adding more . I was worried it wasn ’ t the time when it was below $ 100 . I was considering at $ 127 but it ended at $ 123 so the hesitation won ’ t end lol
I was just relaxingly picking them up like fallen fruit on a summer's day . Didn't realize the summer would finish so soon .
I bought at $ 103 .
Why didnt you ! !
Not sure we will ever see sub 120 again … ..
Oh its coming . I anticipate it to go 115-120 post earnings like 7-10 September . That will be the new 90 .
I see you know your technical analysis !
All hail Dieselcock .
6 dollar instant drop , I think this is the short term drop he was referring to , especially since it had to happen within 4 days ( including today )
What do it say
I gotta say that they are accurate AF
He made a new post today . No more 115 . Time to buy now ?
Yup , then I missed $ 90 ! Also 135 calls aug 30 / and hoping to get my 112 puts assigned oct 18
Expiring tomorrow ?
Losses after 8d ays of gains ? This is normal market fluctuation I would be more worried if it just kept climbing .
Yeah I want to buy now but I ’ m not sure
Twinsies
Shoulda bought 08/23 way cheaper
Think tomorrow will be red ?
All in NVDL for me
Dw it ’ s gnna be back up tdy hopefully
" unsustainable " Yes , that's why sometimes it goes down
Just still hoping to hit my $ 129 Sep 13th call
Smartest investor on earth right here .
Are you just done buying nvda forever then ?
What ’ s your call and expiration date ?
Idk about them but I was outta powder
Good ol ' fear
The stock is way too volatile to say it won ’ t dip under 120 …
It will likely go back under 120 when people sober up from the current AI mania . It's already begun . Nvidia has a future , but it's not going to be based solely on AI chips .
I dabble
Moving averages ?
QQQ barely moved from $ 480 , could pull back all the way to $ 463 but I ’ ll start considering at $ 470 .
This is not the drop .
Time to start watching
Yes buying tomorrow
Next week ! I ’ m not that reguarded
My 130 does . I'm pissed at myself . Impulse click . Regarding the regarded .
no stress , right ? 😮‍💨
No idea . Tbh I thought today would be green but I don't care much about day to day . Long term I'm definitely bullish .
Didn ’ t that hit today ?
I ’ m retired . NVDA has grown to almost 30 % of my portfolio and will likely grow more . For now I ’ m done , yes . But I will still hold long-term .
The one I added today is a 125 call with a 10/18 exp . Was already holding a 125c with 8/ 30 exp , and another 125 with 10/18 exp
Honestly wouldn ’ t be human without it
Lets see … Im expecting 135 will be our new floor
I dabble in those as well
Wdym the drop ?
Ooo that mustve been expensive
Just sweating bullets .
It ’ s in the green by about $ 100 right now . Could have sold two days ago for a profit of $ 300 and mildly kicking myself , but the plan on this one was always to hold until earnings . I got it reasonably cheap and I used profit from TQQQ and Nvidia to buy it , so I ’ m letting it ride at least to the 28th or 29th . Yolo baby lol
Congrats . Sounds like you won .
There might be a bigger drop on monday , then a sharp climb heading into wednesday imho
The drop that is refered to . It will drop further coming closer to earnings .
3.40
Good luck to you . I ’ m not well versed in option trading . I understand what it is , but haven ’ t delved into actually doing any .
Makes sense
Interesting ..
Just one contract ?
It ’ s my first option call I ’ ve purchased , and the first option outside of hedging or wheeling purposes I ’ ve bought . I mostly use puts to hedge Nvidia and TQQQ . This one is 100 % a hail mary gamble , but I feel pretty good about it being able to at least break even , and if earnings go well it could be a nice way to grab more shares with the profit . Here ’ s hoping !
Yes I ’ m poor . I doubled my $ SOFI position and that ’ s all I had left
You talking to homless who cant buy 1 contract
Doubled ? ? Why ?
Your homeless ? If so I ’ m sorry . Life is tough
Rate cuts
You ’ re *
My hero
> Elliott Management last year posted a gain of 4.7 % . So basically worse than S & P500 ' s 21.9 % return for 2023 .
My Mom's savings account at Bank of America did better .
One of the biggest myths about the stock markets is the ancient " wisdom " that keeps getting spewed at everyone as if success in the market can usually be traced back to the same old habits and behaviors . My pet peeves are fundamentals , but technical analysis can be just as ridiculous . The same set of numbers keep getting discussed , and the same fortune teller hocus-pocus referred to with charts . No , a high P / E does not necessarily equate to a bad investment , and no the chart patterns do not necessarily indicate future performance any more than your palm can enable someone at Coney Island to tell you your future . It never has been , nor will it ever be THAT simple . BUT , understanding the company and the market they compete in ? AH HAH ! ! ! That's why I only throw cash at the tech sector . It's my business . I understand it at the operations and R & D levels . I get it . It's just too bad most of the mouthy mavens don't .
🤣 🤣 🤣 ... wait there will be more coming out saying thst thus " bubble stock " is too volatile . When it hits 1000 again they'll be saying the same thing 🤣 🤣 🤣 why i manage my own money
He has some serious explaining to do to his investors who aren ’ t going to be happy with gains that were out for the taking but someone is not doing their job right .
I almost feel bad for him
Could have put in a CD and still have better performance
Pessimism is expensive
Sounds like bro missed out and is crying about it .
You underperformed GIC ’ s dude .
You ’ d do better just letting your money sit in a brokerage account where the MM fund has a better rate
August 15 - ARM Holdings plc ARM shares are trading higher today following the news that Elliott Management , a well-known activist hedge fund , has added to its position in the company .
Sometimes you are too smart for your own good . Overthink , overanalyze , over-optimize , which gets you crap returns .
I ’ m not judging what this guy says either way - but you NEVER judge an investment fund based on only one year performance . As Buffett says judge on five years minimum .
Is 4.7 % even covering inflation ?
This is the idiot who bought a large stake in Southwest without understanding anything about what differentiates the company .
Nice excuse for performing worse than a T Bill …
The story on this is that Elliot Management probably bought high and sold low on Nvidia and they have been trying very hard to shill down the price . Their low engagement posts have been everywhere for the past 2 weeks appearing in all the stock interests subs .
Well they missed out while we did much better than 4.7 % . I mean the 3 month treasury is 5.2 % .
My HYSA from AMEX did better
Is Idiot rhyming with Elliot ?
It ’ s almost as if he belongs in WSB
Invest like a pus , get pus $
Hey Pauly ... well played ... to all his clients .. YOU SHOULD FIND A NEW FINANCIAL ADVISOR ... ! !
Why would anyone risk their money with them for returns like that ? Bonds and GICs pays that much .
How do these assholes become billionaires with investment acumen like that ? I've made almost 125 % over the last year with a variety of tech stocks . If / when the winds shift and other sectors stand to replace them at the top I'll move , but that's not going to happen for a while .
One oof size extra large please
We'll at a 3T market cap it is somewhat difficult to maintain in the long term . Their profit margins are huge , meaning customers will and make no mistake they will find alternative vendors in due course .
Bubble = something I did not buy that went up Overvalued / hyped = something my colleague bought that went up
Money sitting in webull earns 5 % apy waiting to make trades with ...
Paul or anyone else that thinks AI is a bubble doesn ’ t deserve to have investors
His right about this iteration . The market will adopt them , pause , but then the Symbian of AI will get replaced by Android and Apple of AI . And in this pause it's likely to continue climbing slowly . Maybe not explode exponentially .. that is until the next generation hits market .
Dude sounds salty af
Sounds like COPE
Is the 4.7 % gain BEFORE deducting their management fee , lol ? If so , then it might be more like a 3.5 % gain and less than what clients would have earned in a HYSA ?
That's what say infact they want to scoop I'm discount . Hold tight !
Saw someone on CNBC a few days ago say the same thing , only evidence he had was pointing to the stock and claiming it was in a downtrend ( which serious lol after this week ) . Seems like “ bubble ” is the only thing these guys have to say as an excuse why they chose to not participate at all in what will be considered a generational investing opportunity . I started investing in Nvidia heavily since last year because the people who were advocating the bull case brought facts and analysis to the conversation , and in general the real data I was consuming was all pointing to an incredible opportunity . While the bears where entirely scare tactics , gossip , or just general grumpiness . Feels like a real lesson in reading through what people are actually saying and ensuring you ’ re making investment decisions based on real data and not just someone ’ s opinion .
Heck , I did 22 % last year on my own ! !
Singer done sang his song … sounds a little flat !
I ’ d sell 450 of them . Buy 250 NVDA Save , Pay off debt and buy home
Sure a company that makes 50 + percent net earnings is in bubble territory
Worse than some savings accounts .
Basically ? You could do better than that with a fucking HYSA at Ally Bank .
It's been proven a long time ago , over and over and over again , that Hedge Funds are for rich suckers ... " Why 90 % of Hedge Funds Underperform the S & P 500 " - [ https://medium.datadriveninvestor.com/why-90-of-hedge-funds-underperform-the-s-p-500-e518eab2b9c7 ] ( https://medium.datadriveninvestor.com/why-90-of-hedge-funds-underperform-the-s-p-500-e518eab2b9c7 ) " Hedge Funds : A Poor Choice for Most Long-Term Investors ? " - [ https://blogs.cfainstitute.org/investor/2024/06/26/hedge-funds-a-poor-choice-for-most-long-term-investors/ ] ( https://blogs.cfainstitute.org/investor/2024/06/26/hedge-funds-a-poor-choice-for-most-long-term-investors/ )
They have a 1.5 % management fee and 20 % performance fee ... So the 3.2 % left means they had 3.68 % performance ... WTF ? I don't know any well established index funds that had less . Ffs . Verizon pays more in dividends and you don't need to do anything for that . Ufff
Wonder if they subtracted their management fees from that ? If they didn ’ t it was likely much less than 4.7 percent for their client gains .
When your fund posts lower than Prime Rate gains … .
I used to invest in tech only without paying attention to technical analysis . Sometimes even though you have a great company in what looks like favourable competitive conditions the price goes down . I ’ ve found TA can be really useful for identifying where the tops and bottoms are likely to be so you can time your buying and selling . It ’ s not perfect but it has had a significant impact for me .
while its logical that companies which are fundamentally good should do good in the stock market , the sentiment of the smart money ( not us ) dictates the course of the charts .
Suppose a machine that prints money prints $ 100,000 a year . How much would you buy that machine for ?
4.7 % … really ? Why is he giving his opinion on investing in tech or ANYTHING !
He ’ s a billionaire , save your sentiment for someone deserving .
Yes
He has hundreds of employees and billions of boomer dollars . His opinion is jaded from a bruised ego . How many investors emailed him in the past year wondering “ wtf dude … my grandkid made 186 % last year buying this f $ & king Nvidia stock ”
They will have to follow through with their ambitions outside of AI into software
I can see why he ’ s pissed . These plebs with trading accounts cleaning up lol
Yeah well nvidia is a $ 3-4 trillion company that only earns $ 40 billion in revenue . That means that 5x growth is already baked in
I could have left cash uninvested in my S & S ISA and it would have done better than that .
Exactry ! =)
My UFB HYSA certainly paid better ...
Most people don ’ t understand that hedge funds are for hedging . You don ’ t put your entire portfolio into one , you put a small percentage in as a hedge against the stock market going down ( hedge funds hold assets other than stocks ) . It lowers return but so overall volatility .
Well if you look at more than 1 year Elliot ’ s performance has been great … . thats why he manages $ 50 billion + dollars and you play with Wendy ’ s money
Yeah usually the published number is net
Oh sure , as a tool to help identify short term trends , absolutely .
You're just asking bond rates in a roundabout way , that doesn't at all extend to the dynamics of an actual business .
Therein lies the difference between the aged and simplistic wisdom lingering the markets like a fart in an elevator , and tech stocks . Most people would think about the $ 100,000 . That doesn't phase me a bit . - What kind of dollars are they ? Because the dollar sign by itself doesn't necessarily represent US dollars . In fact it isn't legally tied to any currency . So if it's rupees , from my perspective it prints about $ 1200 a year . So I wouldn't even bother . - The status of said machine was never mentioned . Is it LEGALLY printing them ? Are they bona-fide notes ? Because I have a few laser printers that can print any denomination I send to it . But the problem is I can't spend it anywhere or else I'll be committing to a 30 year camping trip by way of the Secret Service . - How big is the machine ? Would I have to build a structure to house it ? Do I need a truck to transport it ? - How about electricity ? Is it gonna cost me $ 24,000 to run the printer over the course of a year ? - What about serviceability and maintenance ? How much does it typically cost to keep it running ? How much are the parts ? How much is the ink / toner ? Does it need special paper ? How much is it ? - Are there any sort of permits for ownership or licenses required to operate it ? How much are they ? Around here a license to sell beer can cost mid to high 5 figures . - Are there any sort of required inspections like with scales and gas pumps ? - Any available tax credits ? - How much does it typically cost to insure ? - Does said insurance cover failure ? - Does it have a warranty ? How long is it ? What does it cover ? Parts and labor ? Just parts ? Just labor ? Are wear items excluded ? What exactly is considered a wear item ? ... and there's the difference between an investor and a chart-chaser .
$ 222,222
60B in revenue
That is where their name comes from , but if you look at the strategies of many they not doing what many would call Hedging . It's just a name nowadays ...
That is not what that means lol
This is what I'll be doing if it hits 182 . It's all coming out save for ... 5-10 K shares and I'm putting it into a VERY diversified portfolio with bonds . Then again ... I've said that when I hit other landmarks and I ... am still in .
I moved to a shawarma place . Wendy's was getting crowded
This question has nothing to do with bonds yet . Its a simple question . How much are you willing to pay for a machine that prints money . This machine could be anything . It could be a business or it could be a B100 gpu . Don't make it more complicated than it is and dodge the question
If you cant even answer a simple question without going into all the nonsense add ons you just typed , it means you dont know . I've been in NVDA since 2019 , I'm here to teach you , but you prefer to stay ignorant . Good luck
So thats only 2.22 PE multiple . Now you know your risk appetite is far lower than you think it is . For Nvidia to hold true to this number , you would have to think it be able to benefit your entire life . Remember , this is your number . Not mine
Here is what the world largest hedge fund has [ to say ] ( https://www.citadel.co.za/citation/hedging-as-an-investment-strategy/ ) . They do not claim to be to able to beat the market , the whole purpose is diversification through assets other than just stocks .
[ deleted ]
I'm not dodging , I'm cutting to the end / chase . " Yet " , as you said yourself . You're not even addressing that the machine doesn't distribute earnings , they are retained and reinvested . So a machine that prints 100,000 , but doesn't hand them to you but invests in more and better machines ; you buy a fraction of the rights to the company that owns the machine . How about you state your whole thought instead of trying to set up a hobbled path to a lackluster gotcha ? Save us the time and energy and share your whole , magnificent idea .
Sounds great , but I gave you an answer . I don't invest anything substantial unless I understand what I'm putting my money into . You may approach things differently , but I go through the whole business with respect to ... - Where did this come from ? - Are there any potential legal issues that may be a problem ? - What are the potential manufacturing issues ? Are their options to address / resolve said issues , or is this a make or break situation ? - How are they going to sell it ? What's the big value prop ? - What is their competition ? - What is their potential market share for the flagship product ? - What is their potential to overtake the market share of others with existing technology in the same space ? - Profit margin ? - Are they potentially causing any environmental issues ? - Is there potential so great that they one day could be accused of monopolization ? If so , are their operations such that they can easily be broken up and still function as well ? That's just some of the basic stuff . Most I've answered , but for the time being a few can remain unanswered . As far as the stock , it doesn't take much to figure out the potential for the stock to triple from its current price over the next 3 years is definitely there . As far as educating me , that was months ago . That legwork has already been done . I'm in for about 900 shares across a few accounts . The same goes for AMD , with a little less AVGO . So that ship has sailed , but thank you anyway !
Well ... you don't have to . But I'll take some profits at that point . At 182 , it becomes 8 figures for me . That's ... more than I could have dreamed of . I also lived through the \ ~ 320 to \ ~ 120 drop , so as I said , maybe I keep 5-10 K shares . I'll also keep the shares in my Nephew's account . I'd probably add 4-5 K shares to AVGO . That's got a better chance to 4-5 X in the next few years than NVDA . and I think that's the # 2 AI play . But again , if they hit 182 in Q4 for example and Blackwell is coming out ... who knows . I've set a couple targets and held as we sailed past them . It could be that ... they actually do start taking some of the cloud share , that they keep evolving and they find other sources of revenue ... or maybe I listen to MSFT , META , ALPHABET ( if it doesn't get broken up ... glad I sold there ) , AMZN , and other customers ... and if they're not slowing down capex ... Well shit , it's a great problem to have ! Praise be to Jensen !
If you cant even answer a simple question without going into all the add ons you just typed , it means you dont know . I've been in NVDA since 2019 , I'm here to teach you , but you prefer to stay ignorant . Good luck
At your port size , you are fine to keeping doing what has helped get to this point . 👏
[ deleted ]
Lmao . Just answer your own question if you're here to teach - which you obviously are not . I've been in longer so , GoOd LuCk ? 🤣
So ... stay friends with the guy who kept pushing NVDA for the last 8 years , keep listening , and stay lucky ? I'm trying ! The best advice I've gotten ... find smarter people than you , listen , and try and absorb what they say ... but be careful if they're a friend , understand they are just giving you the information they have now , it's not a guarantee .
... LOL ... it didn't even cross my mind .
Long term , yes . Short term , also yes .
No guarantees but why buy at $ 140 when you can at $ 125
I don ’ t see a sell off before earnings but anything can happen
You ’ re in luck . I ’ m from the future and I know that the NVDA stock price will be $ 250 by end of 2026 .
The question is , if you were the shareholder , do you still want to keep it at 125 ?
Will the Sun rise tomorrow morning ?
If you're looking for long term . Definitely yes . Nvidia is a long term stock with AI market booming in years to come . If you're planning short term , yes buy at $ 125 and sell on or before earnings day if you do not want to have earnings risk . If you're planning to make some gains on earnings without any risk of earnings going down , follow this approach . 1 . Wait for earnings day . 2 . After hours on earnings , wait for press release if you see that they smashed earnings ( first news / post on trading apps ) immediately load up shares . Now some % of price would have already gone up and mind that you might be buying at around $ 140 + 3 . Then shares will definitely go further up in open market next day as well as 3-4 weeks after earnings . Please note that this is on the assumption that they smash the earnings by huge surprise beat on EPS as well as increased guidance for Q4 . As long as it happens , follow this approach but not a financial advice .
It's completely up to you . I'm seeing a median target price around $ 140 right now , so I'll personally buy up until around $ 135 or so and hold for a little bit to see if the median adjusts . Now , that's just my personal approach , but you can do whatever you're comfortable with .
You buy with both hands .
I would , time I'm market better than timing . Do you like the company ? Do you believe in it ? Then buy , on top of that look at the historical data for earnings ...
Yes . Coz I bought at 104 and need you to keep it going up for me help me out man ! ! !
In my humble opinion yes . Trefis valuation on actual plannned cash flows prices at $ 89.19 . It ’ s overvalued . BUT … not nearly as much as the other MAG 7 stocks . Just look at what people pay for the others in terms of multiples on top of cash flows . It ’ s astronomical . Microsoft is totally underpriced based on its cash flows . Have you considered them ?
Yup . And at $ 150 , $ 200 , $ 250 , $ 300 . . .
Yes
Hahaha . Yes .
You literally asked the same question yesterday . What could possibly have changed between then and now for you to pose the question again . Do your own research instead of expecting random people on Reddit ( who by the way have zero interest in giving you decent advice ) to spoon feed you whether to invest or not .
Do your research on the company . Is it doing well financially ? Is there enough demand for the price to keep going up ? How experienced is the company management ? Is the company offering new products ? Is the competition doing better or worse ? Find the answer to those questions and then decide by yourself if it is worth to buy at $ 125 . These type of questions should not be asked in reddit . If you are still too lazy or dumb to do the research , then pay a profesional to do it for you .
Maybe
Yes please
DCA
Yes it's still cheap
No it is 124
Fundamentals are rock solid Don't regret when this shit breaks ATH at $ 140 😅
Why not consider an ETF ? The 5th best etf last week was SOXL ... it was trading close to 70 dollars a share before the dip in the market . Dropped to mid 20s . It's been on a great run back up , sitting at or around 40 now ... just my two cents
Buy and hold
Ok , here ’ s a question for you : ‘ Do you think $ 125 is as high as the stock will ever go ? ’ If your answer is yes , you shouldn ’ t buy .
this is why some people split their purchases to manage their risk - nibble here - if it goes up , then you have the decision of whether to sell before next week's earnings . if it goes down , then you have an opportunity to buy more before the earnings . there are different strategies but one thing you should certainly do - take the FOMO out of the equation and determine if you think you should purchase or not
The majority of us here are holding , so , if you buy more , the value goes up , so , yes , please , by all means , buy .
It ’ s at a steal today ! 124.29 lol
I brought 25 more shares today at 124.5 like I said I would lol
Buy the dip , sell the high . We're in the middle of a high , so don't buy . Will it get even higher ? Most likely , yeah . Will it have dips in the next few weeks ? Without a doubt . Will you be able to control your greed if you buy now , see moderate gains and then sell before it inevitably dips well below 130 ? Unlikely . Keep an eye on it . I'd say unless you're an experienced trader with enough time to watch the stock minute to minute , I wouldn't buy just yet . I believe it will continue going up , way beyond the current value . But not in a straight line . Look at the last month : an insane bull rush , then an insane drop , now another bull rush . Be patient , keep an eye on it . I am not certified to offer financial advice , the above expresses an opinion - not financial advice
I want to let everyone know I just bought some shares , which means this entire thing is about to crash in the next few minutes . Get out now while you can !
Yes ... ! ! ! You'll thank me August 28 ... ! ! !
Are you holding long term or just trying to make millions over night ?
Obviously yes . ( I'm selling at premarket )
Whatever you do , stay away from options ..
Pelosi bought at $ 126 10,000 shares
Yes
What kind of question is that you buy all the way till death
No one has a crystal ball . What ’ s your conviction that Nvidia will continue to have great quarterly reports and they will stay ahead of the competition .
i keep accumulating pltr and amd at ATH
Yes buy more
Just buy a little bit so you don ’ t fuck up your average cost . I can ’ t buy now but if I could I would do little bits here and there .
Bro u literally asked yesterday in this thread as well . And I see you just go around to various r / every day asking ‘ should i buy ? Should you buy ? ’ First of all , listen to nobody about what to invest in . But , that ’ s a skill you ’ ve yet to learn . Second , you just got to sack up and put your money where your mouth is . ‘ Do i buy ? Do i buy ? ’ Lmao
Lol the better question is why didn ’ t you buy it when it was 50-100 ? The deeper question to ask for yourself is , Are you investing in the company bc you believe in it after your research ? Or are you buying an antidote for FOMO ?
To answer your question you need to consider your intent . If you intend to make a quick profit with a short term investment , it ’ s best to avoid purchasing the stock because there is no guarantee it will perform as you would hope in the short term . That ’ s just a dream . Of course it can , but there is no way to know for sure . On the other hand , if you intend to hold long term and not play with it , then you have a better chance of seeing a nice return over the years . But again , there are no guarantees . Nevertheless , NVDA is a good choice for a long term investment based on its business endeavors . The key word is “ long term . ”
It ’ s already $ 3t . I am not sure it is worth THAT MUCH MORE than Apple or Microsoft .
You should buy if you believe the stock is undervalued . If not why , why would buy the stock ?
Yes . I did .
lol up to $ 127
Earnings in a week , any buying is safe . After earnings it will go down .
cnbc pro says yes .
Duh
No definitely not . It ’ s only going down from here . / s
its $ 128 now about to hit $ 129
Shouldve bought at $ 100 . Would be 30 % up TODAY
Did you buy at $ 95 ?
If I told you that the stock could drop to $ 100 after 8/ 28 and stay at that level for this year , with the possibility of it going back up to $ 150 some time next year would you buy it ? Thats how you have to look at it . No one can tell you where the stock will go .
$ 125 *
Quantum computing is the 2.0 and they are already the Go To company ! The cost of a Quantum computer is between 14-16 MILLION DOLLARS ! That should be enough confirmation to pull the trigger ! you got this easy
Why own when you can rent
yes
Does a bear shit in the woods ?
this post aged well
You can ’ t time the market . Your question makes my wonder if you have any stocks ? If you think NVDA is a good company , buy stock * * in the company * * . If you are betting on the stock going up or down , stocks , in general , are not for you . You buy NVDA not because of FOMO , but because it fits into your portfolio as a percentage of a well-balanced portfolio ( Balanced among low-risk high dividend stocks , mid caps , blue chips , risky stocks . Otherwise , you would buy into the sector by buying a tech ETF to manage risk . If it were easy to make money by buying and selling daily , everyone ( including experts ) would do it . The majority of day traders / margin traders lose .
Yep bought at 127 . Since then it dropped to 90 $ and came back at 130 today . No stress , earning call soon then to the moon
If you are that confident in NVDA going up between now and earnings , why not buy NVDL ? Just asking for thoughts . I did buy both two weeks ago but regrettably sold the NVDL for a 15 % gain far too soon .
Israel and Iran will dip the market before or on earnings . Just wait .
Are you still breathing ?
If you don't someone else will , then it will be 126 or 130 or whatever . You could always wait for another dip and kick yourself them , too .
Yeppers
Easy simple answer : YEA ! ! !
Does the wind blow ?
Honestly , I would buy Disney at 89
People really ask Randoms on reddit what to do with their stock . Man just give up this stock life isn't for you
It is 124 now !
You shouldn't . The current Blackwell chip delay is serious . There are more bad news from TSMC in the past 24 hours . TSMC said they cannot make the chip according to NVidia design because B200 is too advanced .
Buy and hold for long . Not for a quick run .
Yeah I will be personally buying a lot ! The fact that it was ~ $ 1300 few months ago and now only ~ $ 130 is crazy ! That ’ s 10x your money - buy the dip !
Hell no
Yeah I ’ ll buy it at 225
Yes of course , this is the right time to buy
Yes
No . Wait for $ 40 in a month .
Rather do Intel imo
buy high sell low ?
I ’ ll do it if you do . Lmfaooo
If not guna buy at current price irs guna hit you for washing .
This is my FOMO . Back in September , NVDA was down to $ 300 . By December up to $ 400 . From Jan to April went from $ 400 to $ 425 , then $ 500 , then $ 565 then I was so mad I bought all at $ 625 and never sold . Then in May went to $ 900 ish , then $ 1200 and then it split . The same trend can be applied to this $ 125 price .
So yes ?
This is the exact reason I bought at $ 109 and it ’ s $ 124 in a week
very true
If they say sell the news , then everybody gonna sell on Aug 28 ? ?
Also why buy at 125 , when you can buy at 110 .
it has happened for the past few earnings so it will happen this time too
Crazyyy . Time to cash in with my nana's money ( heheheh ohhh boiiii im sooo gonna be richh BABBYYY )
You don't think that reaching 6 Trillion in that about of time is over valued ?
Pelosi did . She took out options though .
i hope
idk man the Apocalypse might summon the Blood Moon tomorrow
But they say sell the news ... So i can see it going up immediately after , but won't it come down before 3-4 weeks ? ?
[ deleted ]
I think yesterday ’ s question was should I buy at $ 124 . Either that or there was another redditor who asked that haha
Is that how you answer every question ? You have an attitude issue , dude
Only right answer here
Where is a good place to find good information for research ? I ’ m rather new to stocks and I want to educate myself more .
I'm a financial expert and can confirm 90 % of people of this reddit are stock brokers with extensive 20 page NVDA analysis thesis papers written This stock will go to $ 200 +
bought 500 $ worth of
Pretty long term i still have 25 more years till im 40
Damn bro you crashed the pre-market stock price wtf :(
Instructions unclear , I'm $ 1500 into calls expiring 8/ 23
How does that answer the question ?
i bought at 125 !
Any reference link ?
Can you please post the link to this new information .
This is a joke right ?
Yup way better buy
Pretty sure the two yeses cancel each other out
" Sell on the news " means things are as good as they are gonna get , at least for the next 3 months , so might as well sell and make money elsewhere for the next 2 months . but NVDA is not quite like that . The nay sayers think AI has peaked and capex is going down from companies like Meta / Amazon / Google / etc . But what if the conference call shows that income is actually way up from the last CC , and is accelerating ? How do you ever get back in in 2 months ? A lot of people , with positive CC under their belt , are going to hold and ignore all the sell-side talking heads .
Yeah I'll prob buy again when the pre-earnings dip happens
People start to sell a few days or a week before Aug 28 You should do it too
Why buy at 110 when you couldve bought at 99
This guy can time the market .
Blud has a Cristal ball
Really ? I thought she bought shares
Well if you follow that crook you're guaranteed to make money I guess
Source ? I've seen only share purchases
28th
Yes , but what about $ 126 ? Should I buy at $ 126 ? Or $ 127 ? How about then ?
Only the stupid ones
Yahoo finance is a good place to start , you can get financial info about the company and the app is free . Plus you can watch some news daily about the stock . Morningstar and seeking alpha are also good but you need to pay for premiun . Morning star has a free investment classroom that teaches everything about investing if you are interested . Google is also one of your best instruments . Just ask google what you want to know about the company and you will get plenty of sites giving you info .
Good , you'll thank me on August 28 ...
I brought 142 shares . So you're not alone
Then buy and forget . Tune in during earnings call to check the progress .
Pelosi is an insider trader .
nice ! i bought at $ 124
No , Intel is gonna go up when their fab comes online in 2025 .
Straight double top status .
That ’ s just stupid . Sell a week or a few days before earnings ? Uhm no thank you
Lol
that's right
just check the chart of the past few earnings
uh huh
https://www.capitoltrades.com/politicians
Yeah , I'm not reading that . Glad for you . Or sorry that it happened . Lol
how so ?
Past performance is not indicative of future results
That ’ s no indication . If it was you would put all your life savings in the sell off if it ’ s that certain .
No data there https://www.quiverquant.com/congresstrading/politician/Nancy%20Pelosi-P000197 Her most recent options purchase in NVDA was last November . Is that to what you're referring ?
That ’ s okay , I ’ m always supportive of people that have difficulty with reading comprehension . You ’ ll get there buddy .
You can't be fr
Humans tend to repeat the same actions
you are right but if there is a sell off , I would buy
is that your answer ? i am asking a serious question .
Past ERs have had a lot of bearish sentiment because of extremely high unprecedented growth . This time around , the stock has had time to consolidate around the $ 120 range and there is really no reason to be bearish on the stock . Besides , it has become a market leader and , volume will get higher and higher closer to earnings likely driving up price . Another point you could consider is the gamma ramp that is forming . The options chain with calls is fucking nuts , to cover these calls , market makers have to load up on metric fuck tons of shares , this also driving the price up .
Arbitrage
So now we went from IT WILL happen again to IF THERE IS .
You own 4043 shares - How can you not follow news surrounding such a large position ?
it may have started ?
why you waste your time picking on a comment on reddit ?
[ deleted ]
I highly doubt there will be a huge sell off but I don ’ t have foresight . Imo the sell off today was likely for the incoming fomc minutes tomorrow . If the information is still not leaning towards cuts NVDA could be in trouble .
Better downvote like the rest ?
How does that " news ' effect the price of the sock ?
will the sell-off continue ?
The answer is ... it doesn't .
So the truth is . Yes it will . Or no it won ’ t . It has to be one or the other .
And still in some way kakula in africa taking a shit will make nvidia drop 10 %
Apple said something similar . So all mag companies are doubling down on AI but still AI stocks are eating shit
Amazon can ’ t even find my packages 📦
Yea fuck JPow . NVDA net income will already rival the mature companies AAPL and MSFT with $ 17.5 b
Generative AI is not a multibillion dollar business , these tech companies are not gonna recover billions in capex from chatgpt clones and image generators .
What ’ s the possibility AI companies have invested heavily in NVDA , because they know they ’ ll never catch up and that investment can basically hedge against their dependence ? Then the lack of immediate profit on AI is a double edged sword in that they are still dependent on that hedge but NVDA falling represents a further loss . Just spitballing . This may be total bullshit and idk what I ’ m talking about .
AMZN is fucked , MSFT was fucked , Google was fucked … and what will happen with NVDA ? the AI train is not for the faint hearted .. get off , if you don ’ t like the ride .
sad but true
* Africa
“ Priced in ”
Intel earnings suck . Everyone thinks Intel sucks , mean semi-conductor suck and not making money . NVDA design semi-conductor , therefore NVDA stock price sink .
Just talking about it doesn't make your stock rocket anymore . In the short term , AI related stocks grew too fast imo . I am bullish long term . So I am taking profits and see how this all pans out .
That ’ s what happens when you spend billions on infrastructure for future gains
Similar to the last few weeks , stocks dipped despite all of the positive news and development . AI is gonna be a long term investment for at least 3-5 years .
Expectations were too high Also , it ’ s possible the real economy will slow down . Which will absolutely eventually slow down tech . It has to
And yet - amazons ai reviews are pointless as me and everyone i know just skip the ai summary and look at actual reviews .
Because none of these companies have actually figured out a meaningful way to monetize AI . The public is losing confidence in this matter so it doesn't matter what these companies are saying
Lol yes it is are you not listening
Dude MSFT has a 25 % price target increase . It ’ s doing the best of all the AI spending companies .
OptionsCone .
Kakulas shit sucks which means another drop of 10 %
It's not just how you can sell the AI , or sell it's services to make money . it's gonna be a lot about optimizing processes , taking less time to develop products , while using AI as support will reduce costs in many areas and make processes faster and more optimized around the world so cost to develop / build something will decrease for many companies and therefore optimize company gains
Schmucks on CNBC and Bloomberg have no grasp of what a vector space is in AI models or how many billions of parameters it takes to train an LLM . The blondes on those channels need to up their Xanax Rx to keep from saying shit like " AI is not being monetized enough " . These things take time , slow child ... ChatGPT was trained in a year . The non-technical investor is basically a greedy fuck who wants everything monetized ASAP . This is not a burger joint where you drive through and get an LLM on your way out .
No it ’ s not . AI ’ s true value is in healthcare , manufacturing , self driving , robotics , and engineering , nothing Meta or Google or Apple are doing ( except for Waymo ) . They ’ ll very likely build the infrastructure then create business lines around renting it out , like Azure or AWS but for AI compute .
And yet their Copilot is dog shit .
But it's what generative AI is . It works across all of those fields . It's token generation for all of this AI . That is why it is multi-billion dollars of revenue .
Nvidia are moving into healthcare , automation , robotics etc . At least in terms of partner ships and R & D .
NVIDIA will be fine . It ’ s Meta , Microsoft and google investing billions into this that ’ s concerning .
Where do you think all the industries you mention will get their AI compute if not from Microsoft , Amazon and Google ? The CSPs are buying like 60 % of AI compute and the rest is bought by 2-3 more Tech companies . There is no AI compute " left " for the industries you mention . And there you have your multi billion dollar business . Big Tech will buy everything Nvidia , AMD and & Co produces to re-sell it with markups to the industries which will really need the AI compute to make a difference . I guess it's nothing new and special as it's called cloud business . Now extended with AI compute .
Thanks too the 7000 People who literally saved the economy in a country with idk 300mil people , what a dumb mess 🤡
Oh don't you worry . As soon as it hits 103-105 I'm sure a link will be along claiming an unnamed source can confirm seeing Jensen Huang sunbathing on Epstein Island back in the 90 ' s , lol .
Phew I think the feeling was 240k expected but if 300k came across then you could see a panic is warranted . Will take any beats we can get
Maybe we will get a knees and toes pattern instead
All of a sudden people who invest in nvda now care about the labour market … lmao
Dumb numbers and we don ’ t even know if it matters . But bought in a bit this morning to see if we can swing up higher . Just great to hear some slightly positive news again after month of down pour . 😋
Very nice unrelated news & technicals
Thats good news BUT I ’ m more interested in inflation report / interest rate cut and how much is the unemployment rate is gonna jump with Dell / Intel laying off 25k + alone .
Next month , the numbers will adjust upward by 30k
Red today
What rocket ? It ’ s shitting its pants …
And now we ’ re red
If you ’ re buying what they ’ re selling you , you ’ re in for a surprise ! !
7000 heroes of the stock market .
I'm quite late to the news but who are these 7000 people ?
Oh no doubt , one green 5 red days til earnings , then ww3 starts . My luck :D
Has anyone noticed how Nvidia has been targeted recently ? even when not required at all See this news for example , this is about Spotify but see the title https://www.investors.com/research/ibd-stock-analysis/spotify-stock-forecast-nvidia-microsoft-out-of-tune/
That ’ s if it hits 105 . At the moment it ’ s kinda allergic to the 100s
It eases the recession fears . Just read an article that says the numbers were higher because of the storm last month . " The largest increases in initial claims were reported in California ( 1,051 ) , while the biggest decreases were in Texas ( down by 4,814 ) with the latter suggesting that the Hurricane Beryl might have played an important role in the higher unemployment claims during the prior weeks . "
Clissold and Nguyen noted that the stock market typically sees a four-step healing process after sharp declines . Those steps are “ oversold , rally , retest , and breadth thrusts . ”
😂
well it's part and parcel of investing i guess . paying attention to macro and micro economic factors .
the more unemployed the better for nvda
I sold a short term play this morning & used that money to buy 6 more shares . Was able to DCA down to $ 110 . I bought near the top so the dips have been good to me relatively speaking
Gonna be a long day
Yeah that ’ s weird lol
Congrats to those who didn ’ t tell their boss to fuck off last week
7000 potential Wendy ’ s coworkers
With increasing frequency since the beginning of July . All rumor and opinions based on fundamentals that don't really apply , while they completely ignore anything positive .
Oooooo ... thrusts ... * tingly feelings *
It really isn ’ t anymore . It ’ s the new SMCI on the market . God dammit .
They couldn't because their life savings was crashing with NVDA . It's a built in failsafe ...
So what you are telling me is buy wendys stocks ? ? ?
One technique to drive a price lower . It happened with META too . Once you see it , it ’ s so obvious .
When the stock split , the average person became a possible investor . By no means do you have to be smart to have money , nor money to be smart . But there are far more people in general investing now , therefore more minds to manipulate . The average IQ in this country is 98 . The smart ones with money and power will and do try to take advantage of the not as smart and not as powerful by giving them the illusion of a lottery ticket .
Wow insane
Well only if they need the cash , right at this moment . Otherwise , it ’ s just # ’ s on your screen .
We have more problems ahead , for sure . Because a lot of people that got in somewhere in the 120 ' s or 110 ' s might just think they're lucky to get their money back and dump . Yeah I traded it in the beginning because it was tradable . But this is 3 year hold at the minimum , if not 10 . I may trade in and out a few times along the way , but Huang isn't doing all this for one chip and subsequent updated versions . Intel did that , and now we know where that goes . But it sure would be nice if they throw a meaningful upgrade at the Shield . Mine seems to be getting older and falling behind the more robust the content becomes .
It's really just a mental block thing . There's no difference between 10 shares of a $ 1000 stock going up $ 30 , and 100 shares of a $ 100 stock going up 3 . I got in the day before the split not because it was going to , but because what you're saying is all too true . New investors . Whether they got in because they could own 100 shares for the money instead of just 10 , or because everyone is thinking the same way I am we'll never really know .
i bought at 119 due to FOMO and first time investing . There must be thousands like me lol . I have definitely learnt a lot .
Woot ! Great news for NVDA
man i hope this is the end of that downtrend for the stock ..
Bet he is planning a lot of black wells .
I think all of the earnings have been good from the big companies barring Tesla . Shows the AI play has tons of leg room . Until another company catches up it ’ s only nvda who can supply premium shovels .
🚀 🚀 🚀
💪 💪 💪
I just want to get back to break even at $ 70 NVDL and rebalance
And now we know why Zuck gets a public ass kissing at Siggraph .
Not going to you . Leather Jacket will be in jail . AMD on tap you ’ re in jail .
Don't trust Zuck , he is not reliable . He would quickly flip positions when anything changes .
Yeah , I just watched " Everything Money , " and the guy on there was whining about them spending too much on AI and how otherwise it's the " perfect company . " LOL ... the people who missed NVDA are just sooo desperately trying to convince themselves the stock is going to crash . I'm sure we'll trade around 115 , maybe as low as 110 until earnings and then set a new bottom of 130 ( and it may go up to 155 and people will buy there and be upset just like they were at 140 last month until the following earnings ) .
It will fluctuate but i don ’ t think we will see 110 again , i think we are past the usual consolidation trough and now there is the usual run up to earnings .
Have to spend on this or else META goes away . Plus if they didn ’ t invest in AI stockholders would be upset .
Eh , 110 is just what , 7 bucks away ( not including after hours ) . All it'd take is AMZN to come out and say they're lowering their CapEx on AI or ... pretty much anything and it could drop a few bucks ... I'm not worried about it though . I wasn't worried at 104 . I don't like it ( who does ) . It's never fun when it goes down , but the bottom line is it'll almost certainly run up after earnings .
* kid named 107 *
Yeah , of course it can happen . from allindications , though , AWS is as strong as ever and capex is likely to be on par with the other mega techs . AI is now an arms race and no one wants to look weak or underinvest and fall behind . As long as amazon can deliver a beat and a decent guidance , it should clear the way for nvda to run until ER , possibly even retesting or surpassing 137 . Then after that no one knows , although from amd it is quite likely nvda will do well .
Yeah ... I hope so . AMZN is my 3rd largest holding behind NVDA and TSM . Both have been hammered and both bounced back today ( Googl is 4th for that matter ) . I hope and expect AMZN to come out and have a great earnings report , plan on spending more on AI , etc ... I'm just not that worried if it does hit 110 again or if he stays above 120 now . I'm pretty confident it's got at least 3 quarters of exceptional growth and ... at the end of the day , it'll keep going up . I've just watched it enough to know that it would take one small thing to send it dropping again , albeit temporarily . So if it's 120 and up or goes to 110 again , it's still going to end up in the same place after earnings .
Only thing is , if AMZN or Apple are just 1 or 2 % off on something , like their Amazon cloud services dept , they will tank like Microsoft did . MSFT didn't have soft Azure numbers , just not what the street wanted to hear
maybe amazon will have an effect , but Apple not so much as they don ’ t use nvda anyway . But people are just looking at capex and ai returns with amzn , so if they say good things in those areas about nvda , it should still be supportive ,
AMZN could ensure it stays over 110 and maybe 120 . Poor results and it's just going to be up and down until earnings . Earnings come and it'll do fine . I think there will be a little more ... anxiety in spite of all these companies saying they weren't going to see significant returns until ' 25 on all the CapEx on AI , it doesn't matter , the absurd articles about AI failures on Yahoo Finance or whatever , will keep people jumpy . It's still headed in the same direction over the next 9 months , year , 3 years , 5 years . AI isn't going anywhere and this impatience is just kneejerk nonsense . All the headlines about AI " failures , " and companies are not just maintaining their spending , they're increasing it . They are all run by bumbling morons or is it more likely there's good reason for it ?
Thank you so much for such well written post . We all appreciate it & you .
Alternatively you can look at last quaters great earnings for AMD and realize they are a much smaller slice of the pie in comparison . I think earnings will be pretty good .
I look at my stonks , they go down . I look away , they go up . I need to stop peeping
Long term hold . But I ’ d like to trim a few hundred shares this week . Buy them back over the next few months
Honestly all this is meaningless IMO because NVDA is supply constrained , it's all about how much more they can ramp , which is a technical issue rather than anything to do with markets . These hyperscalers would spend double the amount they currently are if they can , they just can't .
i dont think tsmc is a bad case . TSMC reported increase in cost of raw material but also more orders from nvda . that translated to an increase in orders from nvda side as well . I take itnas a good thing .
So what you tbink is happening , earnings will make stock go up or down ?
So short it right ?
I am long on nvidia but you are missing point google can build their own tpu . They dont need nvidias ml accerlator .
I don't think it's ever gonna make over 130 $ and that's what I invested at damn
Sure thing ! I hope it all equals a NVDA big beat !
Yeah , AMD had I think 4.5 B and that was a big beat . They're a good company as well . I like AVGO as the # 2 AI , but AMD , they both have a lot of runway . It's a very big pie .
There's nothing wrong with locking in some profits and waiting to see . Wall Street has an expected move of 300 BILLION on this stock ( 9.9 % ) one way or the other . NVDA has to crush its earnings to go up . I believe they will , but it's a volatile stock . Blackwell has questions . They will be answered and if you're up ... well , congrats . Plus , WTF is a stock for if you never sell any ? An expensive piece of paper ( if you're old ) ? I'm not myself , but I get it . I'd wish you good luck , but that'd mean you'd sell , buy back in lower and I don't want that . So I'll just say I'm happy for your gains and root for your regret ( respectfully ) ! Fair ?
> TSMC-This one MIGHT hurt NVDA a tiny bit , but it's going to help it a HELLUVA lot more . They're growing , revenues are up and it's long been speculated that they will raise costs because they've got a monopoly ( effectively ) . So they're producing more and NVDA is a larger percentage of their business . From 44 % up to 52 % . But I do agree , the bigger issue is supply demand and then Blackwell as that is more expensive . There are people who believe NVDA will miss or have disappointing earnings and I think this is evidence they won't .
> * TSMC-This one MIGHT hurt NVDA a tiny bit , but it's going to help it a HELLUVA lot more . * They're growing , revenues , and it's long been speculated that they will raise costs because they've got a monopoly ( effectively ) . So they're producing more , and * NVDA is a larger percentage of their business . From 44 % up to 52 % . * Yes , so they'll increase costs lowering margins slightly , but producing significantly more stacks . So no , it's not a bad earnings for NVDA . Just one small aspect was , but the larger part , the inability to meet supply , TSMC is helping out in that regard .
I think it's going to go up . I think it's another big beat ... Guidance is important , but less important than Blackwell updates , but important . And I think we see 155 maybe 160 and then it'll settle back around 140-145 . The 155-160 is just using the \ ~ 141 ATH or the 974 before that . I don't look at graphs for double tops or any of that . Maybe you won't see that type of swing with a company with 3.2 T . But it's just an educated guess at this point . I know people smarter than I are really bullish and know more about their sales and believe they'll beat FWIW .
There are a lot of people shorting it . NVDA could come in at 30.50 B + , 77 % margins , 65 % gross , it could guide for 36B and still fall in the days following . Companies this size don't always act rationally , especially after earnings . LOL ... but no , I wouldn't short it !
Google had TPUs for many years now fyi .
Google has great engineers lead by bad product managers . Eric Schmidt ’ s banned interview tells you a lot why Google is losing .
You couldn't have invested that long ago . Just ... relax , give it some time and it'll go up . Sept IS the worst month of the year for the market ... so that doesn't help , but I think NVDA hits a 200 in the next 12 months .
Wait where do you see there being more ppl that think nvidia will miss ? At the moment , the retail sentiment seems like everyone and their grandma ’ s are buying nvidia calls this ER . It makes me kind of nervous and want to unload some of my long term calls to swap for shares
You think 150 this week ? That seems insane at this point I ’ m hoping it just stays above 130 for the next few days lol
Correct , transformer is also built by google . Only full stack company in the world .
CUDA
Yeah but they are using their tpu for data center lol . I am just saying you guys need to search how others are doing instead of blindly coping for nvidia .
! RemindMe 12 months
Positive thinking but they don't have anything new technology wise compared to all the rest of the chip manufacturers I think it's like someone is playing a game with other people's money especially NVDA it seems like the UMBRELLA CORPORATION anyways I also run a robotics company and I have seen the kind of robots and control systems that are seeping money in silicon valley it's a joke compared to what I'm doing near MIT
No , I didn't say this week . I said after earnings . I think IF I'm right and they come in at \ ~ 31B + earnings , margins are still 75 % with gross margins in the mid - 60s , Blackwell is resolved and they'll start shipping full-scale Q4 , then I think it will . It didn't hit 141 until \ ~ 3 weeks after last earnings . So not necessarily this week and maybe it won't at all ... but NVDA generally hits unsustainable highs and then settles in ... which is why I said 140-145 . 150-160 IF they hit the numbers and guidance I suggested would be well in line with the last two ATHs in the last two quarters ( and further back , but the 974 in ... I think it was March and the 141 a while back ) .
[ deleted ]
... did you read the post ? Where's the " blind coping for NVDA ? " And which company is spending 12B a Quarter this year on NVDA GPUs ? Google ... I can build a bicycle with a battery on it and a lttle engine . Doesn't mean I'd stop driving a Harley .
I will be messaging you in 1 year on [ * * 2025-08- 27 16:02 : 31 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-08-27%2016:02:31%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f1yh3n/earnings_reports_related_to_nvda/lk6z6wk/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f1yh3n%2Fearnings_reports_related_to_nvda%2Flk6z6wk%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-08-27%2016%3A02%3A31%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f1yh3n ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Blackwell is new technology wise .
> Positive thinking but they don't have anything new technology wise compared to all the rest of the chip manufacturers Yes , but they do AND it's significantly better than what anyone else has . There's a reason they have 90 % of the market . I don't know what Robotics you're talking about and as it's not related , I'm not sure what to say about that .
Yeah ... that's why I'm posting right now . Because earnings are coming up .
I can just tell you dont know shit about ml asic . But if you think you do then I won ’ t stop you I guess .
Literally where does it say google is spending 12b on nvidas chip my guy . That is just definition of blindly coping 😂
It's a black hole from chips to everything else not the most convenient thing for finance guys to put their money on to compare with other products on the market I would just be very careful
> Alphabet , for example , has ordered more than 400,000 GB200 chips , which is an order worth more than $ 10 billion . It's actually closer to 440,000 and this is just one . Schmidt's video was taken down ( you clearly haven't seen that ) and I'd give you a 3rd source ... but you wouldn't believe me ... so this will have to suffice . [ https://www.morningstar.com/ns/marketwatch/2024082744/nvidia-has-all-the-pieces-in-place-for-a-positive-quarterly-earnings-surprise ] ( https://www.morningstar.com/ns/marketwatch/2024082744/nvidia-has-all-the-pieces-in-place-for-a-positive-quarterly-earnings-surprise ) Ignorance is one thing . Confidence is also great . Being confidently stupid and ignorant , it's a bad trifecta .
By the way ( after providing the source ) I'm just curious ... you seem to enjoy the word " coping . " What " coping " do you think I need to do exactly ? I bought ... quite a few shares back in 2020 , I've bought more in ' 23 . I've been through two splits . This stock can drop 25 % ... hell , it can drop 75 % and I'll still be up 7 figures on it . So why would I be " coping ? " LOL ... the children on here , " I'm long on NVDA , but Google doesn't ... " Meanwhile , Google in their earnings mentions NVDA specifically , their former CEO talks about them having to spend 300B on NVDA GPUs in the next 3-4 years and ... it's coping ? And yes , I have much better sources , but I'm not going to give you a " trust me bro , " as ... well , WTF would you ? You don't know me . You DO understand this wasn't a mandate to invest , right ? I DID pretty clearly articulate what would happen if NVDA JUST hits earnings by saying ; > NVDA also can't just beat earnings . If it comes in at 29B , same margins and guides for 31B next Q , it's going to drop ... a lot ( probably \ ~ 20-25 % ) . Long-term guidance could mitigate that , but just meeting is bad earnings for a company with NVDA's expectations and growth . Maybe consider some things aren't just " coping , " and you're not the smartest guy in the room . I know I'm damn sure not ... which I why I listen to the people ( namely person ) I know who is . I get it though , you're pretty sure you ARE the smartest person in every room , right ?
Again keep loving ur stock . All the industry ppl know nvidia is in bubble 😂
LOL ... cool . So you made an ignorant statement about how Google doesn't buy from NVDA and ... now it's " a bubble . " Ok dude . Who's " coping " now ? But yes , I WILL continue to love a stock that has gone up about 740 % and earned me 7 figures ... a few times over since I bought it .
I dont give a shit about blackwell when it doesn ’ t exist but sure keep going 👍 Oh also btw I can ’ t see article that u shared because obviously its not true lollll
> Alphabet , for example , has ordered more than 400,000 GB200 chips , which is an order worth more than $ 10 billion It's a few paragraphs down . I apologize if you're too restarted that you were unable to simply cut and past and find the article ... it was awfully simple to find that link again doing JUST that in a few seconds . [ https://www.morningstar.com/news/marketwatch/20240828292/nvidia-has-everything-locked-in-for-a-positive-earnings-surprise ] ( https://www.morningstar.com/news/marketwatch/20240828292/nvidia-has-everything-locked-in-for-a-positive-earnings-surprise ) LOL ... and Blackwell " doesn't exist ? " Ok dude . You just confidently and ignorantly said Googl doesn't buy from NVDA . Why do I give a shit what you say about anything ?
Massive news . Everyone ’ s looking at Jerome Powell right now but when this gets into the market , we should have some rocket fuel today .
NorCal brining the heat ! ! !
Would have been great to get this news today end of day … will help push it higher Monday too
" according to two of Nvidia ’ s closest supply partners , there is evidence the GB200s * will * initially ship in Q4 , and are expected [ to see an increase ] ( https://asia.nikkei.com/Business/Technology/Foxconn-on-track-to-ship-latest-Nvidia-AI-servers-next-quarter ) of production volume in Q1 . "
I'm reading it and it feels like what she's saying is not exactly the same as what Dylan said . Am I understanding things correctly ? Someone try to make a single narrative that summarizes both analysts for me .
Let ’ s GO ! ! !
Anyone think it's headed back to the 90s ?
Too much to read for me , just tell me puts or calls now ?
I know a lot of folks dismiss analyst reports . To me it's the abundance and consistency of message - - dismiss one or two ? Fine . Dismiss dozens ? That's just wishful or denial , for which ever side you're on . ;)
No one knows 😂
Yes
Stock
Yes , and no . Now , and maybe later , but not too much . Down and up for sure . You are welcome .
I like Kindig ’ s stuff . She ’ s been on NVDA for a while now . Her live interviews are solid .
Even chat gpt didnt accept the text because it was too long
Her team does a pretty solid analysis of all the available data in the market regarding NVDA and its supply chain . Very positive and informative . Take the time to read it !
You guys make this easier for me and my measly $ 5000 loss . I appreciate these posts lol . No jokes intended .
> but I still sleep 😴 like a baby . . . A . k . a like shit , waking up screaming several times per night ?
Same im down about 60k from peak , still all gains but hurts regardless . Have 10k shares of nvda and 100k dollaroons of soxl / nvdl
I bought AMD near its March high and am down 30 % on it . It ’ s less than 2 % of my portfolio , so not a major headache at this point . I will sell it and re direct the money somewhere else if it gets closer to 10 % of my cost . My NVDA is at 15 % profit , overall today . My 10 year hold plan is still on track . Brought my DCA down last week with the sale prices .
down 230k here . oh well , still up for the year . similar portfolio too , I have some avgo , google , meta , microsoft , amazon and costco as well as about 50 % QQQ , but not stressed at all .
Yes , I sleep Like a baby because I only need the S & P 500 rate , 10 % a year to make Me a multimillionaire when I retire . Anything more than that is just gravy and gets me there sooner . I just count on my 10 % , live my life and let time and interest work its magic ... and it really is like magic
No worries , I'm down 400k from peak
1000 shares here of NVDA . Also holding TSM , MU . AMD , SMH , ANET , AMAT , CDNS , DDOG
850 shares @ $ 69 up $ 26,000 . 00
Seems I'm the brokest bloke on this sub . Over here hurting over 800 dollars .
It will come up even better . I bet you have developed patience . That is the key .
Impressive .
Shit luck I got over 2k nvda and 150 amd hold srtong
Way to concentrated . Seen this before . Your risk profile is insane .
You have the money to do so and are a great example of why people shouldn ’ t invest if they cant afford to . Save the dog out of every penny you make and then when you invest … pretend it ’ s not there . The internet and the constant info gives everyone anxiety . This is NOT a poker game . Happy for you 👊🏻
Ahh a man of culture . 90 % battery life remaining . Definitely shows you sleep well at night .
Nice , I am down 50k from the peak earlier in the year . I just keep buying more weekly . Plan on holding long term .
Im down 2.3 M still sleeping like a baby .
My Roth IRA got a 45 % haircut since June . :( Losing 600,000 in 2 months sucked . But my account went from around 185,000 in January to 1,300 , 000 at ATH . All thanks to a boat load of shares , some options , and a massive run on NVDA The pullback crushed my Sept $ 120Cs . If I hadn't hit 7 figures and pulled back , I'd be pretty damn pleased with 300 % YTD
You ’ re way over exposed in individual stocks lol
Your whole portfolio chipmakers ?
wow u have a lot of money , what kind of job do you do
And im over here with my 500 $ in stocks ...
baby accounts ? how much is in your parent accounts 🥹
You're not down , all I see is green WTF
What did you purchase originally at ?
Wish I was down 33 . My loss is high 6 digits .
6700 shares at $ 8 here
Yep I ’ m down 100k in one of my accounts . I think write off till retire 😂
Sure 👍
Where are you down here ?
Down 120k from all time high . NVDA giveth and taketh
I find it that when I tell people about my gains , it backfires . =(
Down $ 110k ... those are rookie numbers !
Bet u wouldnt be saying that if you were 600k down
Same baby down 32 % over all but sleeping good knowing Nvda Will suck me off
i was down $ 7000 at 1 point , i bought NVDA at $ 138 a share on june 20 , 2024 , my first day buying stocks , and this shit has been bugging me ever since i started and pissing me tf off
Am at $ 6000 down but made it up in dividends on income stocks . All good .
loss ? ? cant lose if u dont sell buddy
LOL Investing is not for the faint of heart . 😱
Also don't forget he poops his pants a few times too and rolls around in it
😂 and hungry Never understood why we use this phrase .
You'll be back . . . I bought more NVDA at $ 92 . Good luck going forward .
I dont really understand why people with this much money still gamble with tech stocks . If I had that much money I would never go for big risks and simply put everything either in Dividende stocks or ETF . The more I have the less risk I NEED to take no ?
Admittedly , I fucked up on AMD ( cost basis of $ 158 and change ) . It will come back imo . Conversely , I bought CRM right after their last earnings ( which was bad and they were punished ) for $ 217 . . . fast forward today they are around $ 248 and have been as high as $ 260s . Basically , I can't sell any more of my winners , as the tax man is already going to kill me on my realized earnings . Consequently , I will not make any sell moves until after the 1st of the year . Conversely , I am ALWAYS looking to buy bargains . Good luck to you leggmann !
dont sell amd I am telling you , this is a stars have aligned moment for them . blackwell is late , intel has huge problems in 13th and 14th gen chips , for the first time they sold more cpu chips than intel in a 30 day time frame . they are gonna be on a tear after there next earnings . 225 by june is my guess . nothing is 100 % guaranteed , but every possible edge they could have ever hoped for has come into being in the past 2 months .
Yeah , as I mentioned to someone else - even if I wanted to sell , I can't , as I already have too many realized gains where the Feds and California taxmen will be after my ass this year . I am patient and am a firm believer that the market ( and NVDA ) is going to explode in September through December a la " Christmas Rally . "
Might be a bit bumpy as vix winds down but you ’ ll be fine i bet .
Jesus lol have you considered not putting all of your eggs into tech ?
Thank you very much for the kind words . . . Good luck going forward .
You have the money to do so and are a great example of why people should invest when they can afford to . Save the dog out of every penny you make and then when you invest … pretend it ’ s not there . The internet and the constant info gives everyone anxiety . This is NOT a poker game . Happy for you 👊🏻
lol . . . Actually , I turn my phone off at night .
Giving props my man . I " respect the drip . " You , if anyone knows what I am talking about . . . Good luck and fortune going forward .
I think there ’ s still potential for those Sep $ 120Cs !
Maybe just me , but when these " haircuts " occur , I look at it as a buying opportunity . I always keep cash on hand in a couple of HYSA . Anyway , I was almost certain that the support area for NVDA was in the low 90s and when it sunk that low , I bought more . Did the same thing for 2 other equities . Nothing is for certain , but in regard to NVDA it is acting almost exactly like before earnings a few months ago . . . We all know what happened - it exploded to all time highs . I suspect between now and the day after earnings - it will do the same thing . Frankly , I think you get back all your money AND MORE .
No . It's a screen shot , i . e . , there are five other equities below this one . Look at the total gain and what you can see , $ 16.2 k gain for NVDA , $ 7k for AMD . . . Up $ 32k minus the aforementioned total . By the way , this is only one of my accounts , I also have a government TSP ; 2 other HYSA ; and a checking account .
I don't work ( except take care of my 7 year old daughter as a single parent ) . I retired early .
It's showing daily not total ...
Apologize . . . Since July 14th . Not certain I can edit it now .
You'll get it ALL back . . . and MORE .
Major props !
If I could go back in time to my early adulthood and not be bothered by short term losses , I would be much better off today . Stay strong !
Think about income stocks to back up your losses . I have been getting income stock dividends and it made up for my losses . I get dividends every month .
I had VOO for 4 years made 40k . I sold my portfolio and went in on apple , nvidia , and microsoft to chase more gains . Instantly down $ 5k , I'm an idiot and going back to VOO 100 % once i break even or gain .
Man this has happened to me multiple times . It ’ s feels like the market is attacking you personally . I studied Options for a while and watched a company I was specifically looking to do a call option on . Nothing risky at all . The stock had been on a nice consistent run for at least 3 months so I put in my call and literally , I shit you not , the day I did this the stock crashed hard . lol . I lost all my money in the call option . My point … it happens and the losses will always feel personal . Don ’ t give up on investing , I ’ ve definitely made more than I ’ ve lost .
Investing this much money right on your first investment crys for humbling . I lost 400 € Euros with CFD on Nividia tho , now I am in red with 200 € on my CFD account , before that I was in the green with 200 € 🫠
Congratz on buying the top
Are we twins separated at birth .
6k from dividens is crazy .
You right king .
You guys wear pants ?
You too bro , this is my yolo to get 2000 more sqft in a new house
Maybe you ’ re happy with a mil , I am not . In fact I actually need 500k more for a dream house down payment
You don ’ t get bragging rights in your country club for safe play . Someday you will it will be your life style too . 🤞
I'm not . They did quite well during the last earnings about a week or so ago . Concurrent to the aforementioned , the " Yen unwinding " issue , along with poor employment numbers , coupled with the Fed's inaction on interest rates , have suppressed AMD share price . . . Fast forward to NVDA's earnings date , I think we both will be pleasantly surprised by their share price increase . Good luck to you !
Not tax advice . Put some NVDA in a Roth and let it grow tax free on a federal level .
I bet I will be too , thats why I set it up this way lol .
I have , and if I did , I would be a lot less richer . I have used my tech winnings to buy several million dollars in investment realty . oh , and costco isn't tech .
Same to you ❤ ️
Yup that ’ s down in the last month … but in total Im still up a few M .. avg price of $ 40 so I ’ ll be good 😂
I sold them . Took a big loss . :( I bought a handful of August 30 $ 110C and Dec $ 135C added to my June 2026 $ 100C . I sold 2000 , dropping my share count to 2000 , and then bought enough to get back to 3000 shares . So I'll be okay .
I would need to cash out of something and use that money to buy some calls . Most of my money is in NVDA and NVDY Options are what caused it to moon and crash . I have some Dec 100C and 2026 $ 100C So , while I do agree with your positivity and sentiment that I'll get my money back , I would have to change my investments to get my money back in the time frame you suggest .
what did u used to do to get that much money
Good point but eather way that ’ s pritty impressive . Well done ! I ’ m on my way to 1M also .
Just holding until earnings . There's a finish line to look forward to at least .
Developing a new NVDA options strategy lol
Same lol . Ive sold a few times cause i cant stand the losses . But again seeing stuff like this has made me better with it over the years . And its been great for gains .
What happens if you dont break even ?
Mind you this was from 40k original investment . 6k was just for two months . This month was about 1k lower but still made about 2600 . Income stocks have been great for me because I live on an otherwise fixed income of SS which alone does not pay the bills . Will see how Sept . does . I think I have some very good stocks presently . My portfolio is headed back up from a big hit . I'm good and all my stocks are green presently .
Sir ... this is the NVDA sub ... you should be ashamed of yourself ! acceptable - You too bro , this is my yolo to get * * 20000 * * more sqft in a new house also acceptable - You too bro , this is my yolo to get 2000 more sqft for the guest house in my new * * Mansion * *
That is t my point , my point is that you can make money without risking to lose it . It just aint worth it if you have less then 10k to invest , but at the latest if you have 100k I cant see the risk of tech stocks being worth it anymore .
I sold all of my mutual funds in my Roth IRA towards the end of the downswing last week and bought as much NVDA as I could . Let ’ s hope the price rockets again like it has in the past
You made more money because you took on more risk and it paid off . If you're sitting on millions , even more reason to diversify so you don't lose it all in an industry downtown . But you do you .
Occupational Safety and Health Department head for various Fed agencies . Working for them had almost zero to do with it , i . e . , you will not get rich working for the government . lol
He inherited it . He said he has a TSP . That means he was a government employee . At the top of the screenshot it says designated beneficiary . He got an inheritance and bet it all on tech / chip stocks
I'm only 50K 😂 but also 29 years of ago so ...
I'd imagine if I wait long enough I'd come out on top . It's just a matter of how long I want to wait . Worst case I can take a small loss and the tax deduction . 20 days left until nvidia earnings report so guess we shall see where my portfolio goes . Got 40k on it . But yeah the stress free gains of VOO was so nice .
Would you mind sharing your portfolio ? Not that it would become relevant for me ( I am broke asf ) , but it sounds really interesting !
I did diversify , into real estate , didn't you read what I said ? lol and costco . QQQ may be tech heavy , but its not just tech . like you said I have millions of dollars outside of tech , my tech heavy portfolio has been doing very nicely for 23 years , so I'm good . thanks for the financial advice , I'm going back to being bored in the house I own outright , in a nice neighborhood in NYC . lol
Shit for brains - the reason why is that my 7 year old daughter is THE DESIGNATED BENEFICIARY .
Did you know you are still above average . And some sunny day you will have a huge portfolio with huge dividend yield trust me and trust the process .
Well , my current investments include CONY , MSTY , NVDA AND NVDY . CONY dividends dropped pretty far after the big dip but still paying $ 1 per share . MSTY went from 2.332 to 1.94 per share . These are my main two . I will see how Sept . goes and if things don't return to normal , I may sell CONY all or in part . I will then invest in QQQY which still looks pretty stable even after this last disappointment . Their dividends pay 2.50026 per share which is good as you can see and there was no change even after this current dip . My mentor advised me of QQQY but I had already invested most $ in MSTY and CONY . I plan on keeping NVIDIA stocks NVDA and NVDY because I believe they will rebound in the near future . Other stocks I am watching that paid good dividends are JNJ 1.24 per share ( Johnson and Johnson ) and JEPY ( JP Morgan JEPY Defiance S & P 500 Enhanced Option Income ETF ) 1.67 dividend est . currently . Also , YBTC Roundhill ETF Trust Roundhill Bitcoin Covered Call Strategy ETF current dividend 2.0622 per share . I researched the dividends on over 100 stocks but I suggest you do your own research especially since many stocks have taken a dive . I am not a stock broker or finance manager of any kind . I am not an advisor . These stocks are just what I invest in or am interested in for future investments . These are not suggestions but they are some of which my mentor and I are investing in . The apps I use are * * Robinhood * * , they are good to begin with and good if you don't have or want a financial advisor or have a small amount to invest . When my portfolio reaches a certain amount , I may move over to J . P . Morgan , Fidelity or Charles Schwab . I also use * * Market Chameleon * * . They have lots of info and history on stocks , graphs and upper right corner of the page you will find the Estimated dividends for income stocks coming up for the next month or quarter or year . My dividends did not change until this month . In my opinion , it is good that you haven't much to invest . This will be a good time to research and learn what you can before choosing your investing path . I don't know anything about other types of investments , I am only interested in the income stocks presently . I suggest watching your stocks everyday to see how they move so you can get used to the peaks and valleys . It is no guarantee but you may learn a lot about a particular stock . All investing is risky . All of it Let me know if you have any questions . I hope this helps . Remember to do your own research and education on whatever you choose to invest in . Best of luck .
My 2 cents is that you KNOW EXACTLY WHAT YOU ARE DOING , i . e . , no one grows their investments to the tune of " . . . millions of dollars . . . " without knowing what the hell they are doing . Not luck either . Some moron here suggested that I inherited my money ( real estate , coupled with other investments = $ 4 million plus ) . My mom divorced when I was young and raised 2 kids by herself . We were NOT rich by any stretch of the imagination . Anyway , good luck going forward Electronic-Disk 6632 !
Thanks ! I wish you all the best .
Thank you for your detailed answered , I allready learned a lot from it ! To be honest , I allways wanted to keep my investment strategys as simple as possible , I mainly plan to make money with a business of my owne instead of stocks . But the more I learn about the possiblities on the stock market the more interested I am to try out new things . You gave my great inspiration for further research :)
Thank you 🙏
I am so happy if I could help . I know what it is like to try to survive in this economy alone . Although dividends have been low this month , I am looking forward to the return of normalcy for the next two months . I wish you the very best .
Thano you very much , I wish you the best aswell !
The game changer is time . Just invest for the long term . Set it and forget it !
Don't expect the market to be rational .
75 % of this sub has no idea what they are investing in .
government officials reporting before the holiday weekend ( today ) 🤞🏻
Stop buying calls and buy shares .
$ 30 Billion in 12 weeks . $ 2.5 Billion a week . $ 357 Million a day . Better than most day traders I know .
You need to understand that YOU are the source of money for the market , not the company . So they are trying to get YOUR money , not to make money with NVDA . Always keep this in mind .
It was amazing to me the timing of the SMCI fiasco . RIGHT before NVDA earnings . Absolute madness . The fact the stock is down is wild . I would have thought at least high $ 120 ' s .
Nvidia is counting on companies to buy large quantities of these Blackwell GPUs , of course , and is packaging them in larger designs and the company says Amazon , Google , Microsoft , and Oracle are all already planning to offer the NVL 72 racks in their cloud service offerings , though it ’ s not clear how many they ’ re buying . There is still an incredible demand for Nvidia's Hopper microarchitecture-based GPUs and the Nvidia customers anticipation and appetite for the Blackwell GPU's is huge ! The future looks bright my friends !
Unbelievable earnings were priced in ! What does that mean ? It means market sentiment pre-earnings inflated the price … . The catalyst of earnings let a little air out of the balloon . Kind of logical market movement based on sentiment , which is based on humans expecting climaxes too soon ! ! !
It's actually not impressive because they are starting to beat EPS / revenue by less and less each quarter . Previous | EPS | Revenue - - - | - - - | - - - | - - - Jul 2024 | Beat 5.65 % | Beat 4.57 % Apr 2024 | Beat 9.81 % | Beat 6.04 % Jan 2024 | Beat 11.40 % | Beat 7.57 % Oct 2023 | Beat 18.73 % | Beat 12.47 % As you can see , in October 2023 they beat revenue by 12.47 % . And now they only beat it by 4.57 % . That's down by a factor of 2.72 . They may have beat the estimated earnings , but it's slowing down . Based on this trend , I would say they beat next quarter by 1-3 % . I wouldn't be expecting anything crazy high - definitely not 12 % + like before .
Whaddya mean wall streets not impressed ? Didnt media pump out articles about how much of a buy this stock is right before earnings ? They collected profits from retail right afterwards . Once it falls more they will pick up more
When the trading volume of the real people investing in the stock outnumbers the datacenters currently manipulating it . THEN things might start to make sense again .
i see some saying long term which is what i am as well but i have recnetly trimmed a lot on my positions and took some profits after the last ER , possibly to re-enter late . the problem with long term is that it doesn't necessarily promise real gains . i remember the stocks of gilead or baba back in the day . both are actually very profitable and promising companies back then but you take a look at their chart and they are absolute dogs . baba for one esp . back then a lot of people , and even now are still saying , hold for the long term , the stock is cheap ( which it actually is , unlike nvda ) , etc . , but there are external factors at play here which one also has to think about . baba has its obvious geopolitical issues ( which to a minor extent nvda is subjected to as well ) , but nvda is facing a reckoning of sorts in justifying AI spending and whether AI is of any real long term sustained use , and whether AI infrastructure spending will continue . all of these are real questions . and then you have the stonk going parabolically for the last 7 quarters or so so its price has already a lot of things priced in already . so i am not suprised at a lot apathy and selling pressure here . it will most likely like this and gradually drift even lower for a whle until either corporations demonstrate unequivocal gains with AI or a blowout necxt ER with NVDA .
It ’ s a correction due to the hype . Look at the last two earnings and we ’ ve seen it before . I think there will be support at 115 and resistance around 120 in the short term while it crabs along . Then it will start moving up over the quarter and we ’ ll see 140 in bumps like we have seen 130 this quarter . They are growing in value despite the stock price , which is still a great play for buy and hold I think . All just my opinion not FA .
The market in general and NVDA in particular are manipulated and the individual investors are f * cked up and confused . Hanging in there for long term gains is the only way .
The earnings were already priced in . It wasn't a blowout quarter , it was slightly better than expectations , which everyone already expected it to be slightly better than expectations . Long term it won't matter .
It's kinda excepted random people were doing nvda earnings watch parties that's not normal for any stock ,
FSELX and forget it for tech
I wonder if they are trying to adjust for when the Federal Reserve will lower the basis points . It does seem surprising that NVDA didn't go up after hours but I think SMCI and the basis points are probably doing a good share for someone to think about it . Also to note that it suck that it didn't go up and now we are in the month that usually bleeds RED . Also I do think that $ 50B share buyback could have done another factor . Personally me , I don't think that was the right choice .
shoulda been $ 50B for these greedy fucks
A large number of shares of the video have ended up in very weak hands over the course of the last 2 months . This is the kind of crap the hedge funds dream of so they're going to play back and forth to squeeze these people out of the market . With a good company with a bright future I just don't believe in playing with swing trades . Ultimately there's more money to be made by just sitting back and watching it go .
Wall Street is not impressed ? The stock is valued over 3 trillion dollars … people really expect this thing to fly non stop forever ? Everyone looking at NVDA now is late to the party , I ’ m sorry but it ’ s the truth .
You need to put it in context . It ’ s 30 billion on a $ 3.3 trillion company . That is less than a 1 % return for the quarter . The guidance for next quarter is $ 32 billion which is around 1 % at the current price . At this rate they will earn about 4 % of their market cap . A treasury bond has a yield above 5 . We are talking about an Amazing company with amazing products . It is just amazingly overvalued at its price today .
There has been a steady string of Wall Street upgrades . Its just going to take time
Current valuation priced in these earnings . Actually i posted this before . https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/058qcqHuvS
$ 30billion is nothing if you ’ re among the magnificent 7 . Apple does 3 times that consistently . Microsoft does double that consistently . Amazon almost 5 times that . Google 3 times . Hell , even Meta does over $ 30billion a quarter , and god forbid Tesla is pushing $ 25billion consistently ( both the weakest of the 7 ) . It ’ s like everybody wants NVIDIA to sit at the top of the S & P when it ’ s all based on future possibilities . They have no right to be the most valuable company at this point based on speculation alone . Once they start bringing in Apple money , then they can be in that conversation .
https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/058qcqHuvS
It ’ s already trading at 23 times the revenue which is a very high valuations
> > > “ I ’ m eyeing a promising January with Blackwell and potential inclusion in the DOW 🤯 ☝ ️ that sir is setting expectations . You ’ ve set yours and the market set theirs . It ’ s priced in . So to beat / blow away expectedresults , it ’ ll have to do better than ☝ ️ The other way would be to not set sky high expectations . Then it ’ ll be easier to beat expectations . “ Under promise , over deliver ”
Market doesn't quite know what it wants to do . SPY in a flag on daily needs to resolve itself to determine the next leg .
But what ’ s a ‘ dip ’ for NVDA ? Right now at $ 119 you think or will it likely go lower between now and Jan when Blackwell launches ? I want to keep buying dips
Other $ 3T market cap companies have several times higher earnings
Profit margin is down , below expectations . Market prices the future performance based on past data , not past performance
Intel is up 10 % , this alone shows how irrational market behaves . Intel is dead y ’ all , in what universe investors bet on a sinking ship amidst lawsuit than Nvda , Avgo or Amd is beyond me
Earnings , revenues , and margins can be great but Nvidia's growth is slowing and so a certain class of growth-hungry investors will begin looking at other pastures .
Big money only cares about growth . NVDA ’ s growth is tapering . That is the writing on the wall . I believe in NVDA but I believe in investing in high growth stocks too , and I like to follow big money more than I do committing to a company with my money . Do I respect NVDA ? Absolutely , but my money wants to grow faster , sooner .
That revenue was from only 4 customers . QoQ slowed significantly in terms of both EPS and Revenue beat percentages . Anyone who's grounded in mathematics to determine full valuation has the data they need to forecast . It's going to take a return to double-digit beats to push the share price over $ 130 . Any returns to $ 130 are just exit liquidity exercises until something fundamentally changes . There will always be someone who buys the top . I'm one of em . I have $ 100k in NVDL @ $ 130 equivalent .. which is why I put $ 50k on NVD as a hedge .
It's not the fact that Wall Street wasn't WOWed , but a clear sign of growing deceleration
Well bought before the bounce ! NVDX to be exact . Has a nice bounce Friday and what happens Tuesday will determine alternate moves .
Right , what I heard was " Hey we are going to be a quarter late , but we made each blackwell we ship 20 % more efficient and reduced our reliance on TSM inventory . " The stock should have gone up 10 % . I just bought that dip . It wasn't a sell off , it was a single hedge fund selling 5,000 shares at $ 5 less than the going rate , they did it ( 3 ) times until they got it down to $ 118 . $ 75K they spent to artificially tank the price , hope it was worth it .
It only goes up
What ? Close the app and look after an year ! The price which you ’ ve now may not be visible again
Exceeding earnings has been priced in . They needed a big announcement .
Answer is : give it 4 more weeks on technicals
Push it back up to what ? It never significantly dropped .
Yeah , because revenue has slowed down by almost half y-o-y . If they are doing half the business , have disappointing guidance for Q3 then of course there is room for correction .
Too many people are shocked by this . You got bulltrapped . It was written in the charts . I've been in since $ 5.80 and closed my entire position before earnings . You were riding a dying hype wave . $ 30 billion is nothing in relative terms . Meta made $ 39 w / similar FCF and trades 1/3 cheaper and investors still tank it on a whim . NVDA was heavily pricing in growth speculation and now that concerns of slowing growth rate are escalating so is the risk of a massive correction . This is typical of NVDA . It's a bubble forming machine due to the cyclicality of GPU sales . The future is bright if you can stomach unparalleled volatility . What's going to push the stock back up is likely a massive shake out of the permabulls and removal of the froth to retest intrinsic value .
The other aspect which is often lost is linear vs exponential growth . After a certain amount of exponential growth , the new numbers look very big and the highest ever , but the growth percentage may still be lower than before . That's the disconnect . This sub wants exponential growth on the stock without backing it up with continued exponential growth in the fundamentals .
Keep adding in the dips if you really believe in NVDA and AI .
Slow grind up through Xmas .. JMHO .
This ☝ ️
I agree with this !
That is so true and this earnings just prove that point !
The market actually IS being rational here though . Everyone and their grandma already knew the earnings would be good . Why would you wait until after earnings to buy . THAT would be irrational .
Intel calls ?
stop calling me out , I want money
What will they reporting on ?
What time ?
that cannot be stressed enough . Call and Put Options will wipe you out ... especially with NVDA It is the wildest stock on the board
seriously this \ ^
Should be illigal to play around as if its a casino
Well , not OP ! 😀
I mostly agree , with naked calls and puts . I don't understand why someone would do that , based on a gut feeling
Um , what ?
Explain ?
Tell me you don ’ t understand the secondary market without telling me you don ’ t understand the secondary market … .
Can you explain further
You are correct based on what we have heard , but I think Blackwell sales are a few months away , and until then the price is going to hover in the 120 - 125 zone . I hope I am wrong and it gets higher .
Come on this is not fair . See Meta's recent earnings they have been going down as well but recent Meta's earnings went up on talking about AI , AI , AI but Nvidia who supported that growth went down . It hurts . [ Meta's earnings ] ( https://www.google.co.uk/search?q=meta+earnings&sca_esv=36f6d775f0bd8871&sca_upv=1&sxsrf=ADLYWIJFjMgvEkXH9q-liK31_IP3rGY8pA%3A1725096688933&source=hp&ei=8OLSZo7hNpSAhbIPhuq8mAw&oq=meta%C2%A0&gs_lp=EhFtb2JpbGUtZ3dzLXdpei1ocCIGbWV0YcKgKgIIADIKECMYgAQYJxiKBTIEECMYJzIKECMYgAQYJxiKBTIKEAAYgAQYQxiKBTIQEAAYgAQYsQMYQxiDARiKBTILEAAYgAQYkQIYigUyChAAGIAEGEMYigUyChAAGIAEGEMYigVImCFQ5gRY3BdwBXgAkAEAmAF8oAGZBqoBAzQuNLgBAcgBAPgBAZgCDaACvAaoAg_CAgcQIxgnGOoCwgIHEC4YJxjqAsICChAuGIAEGCcYigXCAgsQLhiABBixAxiDAcICDhAAGIAEGLEDGIMBGIoFwgIFEAAYgATCAgsQABiABBixAxiDAcICCBAAGIAEGLEDwgIOEAAYgAQYkQIYsQMYigXCAgoQABiABBixAxgKwgIHEAAYgAQYCpgDBZIHAzguNaAHuD8&sclient=mobile-gws-wiz-hp )
And this means that we can now better forecast " full valuation " for now . Current prices are fair prices until something significant happens ( customer goes to market with a breakthrough or they have record sales AND fulfillment of sales )
Fair point !
Unequivocal gains with AI is the missing element
nonsense
There is no other option !
nonsensical take .
Hmm , on YouTube ? How do you know that ?
I agree .
As of June 5 , 2024 , the price-to-earnings-to-growth ( PEG ) ratio for the Magnificent Seven ( Mag 7 ) stocks ranged from 1.21 x to 4.39 x : * Meta : 1.21 x * Nvidia and Amazon : 1.28 x each * Alphabet : 1.29 x * Microsoft : 2.19 x * Apple : 2.33 x * Tesla : 4.39 x If any garbage is over valued its Tesla .
Very fair point . I don ’ t dispute it .
Rational argument . Not just the percentage growths that matter but the actual dollar amount . Great point !
Where did you see those data if don ’ t mind sharing . What I just read put some smile to my face so I hope you are correct .
Yup . This sub has the general IQ of a GME subreddit . So many people jumping to conspiracies immediately because they do not have even the most basic understandings of the market . Nvidia is fighting to have the largest market cap in the world with its current pricing . For it to hit $ 150 and $ 200 would mean the market cap has to hit a massive valuation ... Retail traders alone won't be able to do that the way they could with gme . There is too much money involved at this point . Institutional traders have to be convinced to buy in ( resist the urge right now to comment something like " THEY want to tank the price " ) and they are only going to do that if they think the stock is undervalued , which is a big ask when they're already valued at 3 trillion + . They can't just exceed expectations , they have to blow them away
Nvidia is a 3 trillion company ... " it's all the manipulation and short sellers keeping the price down ! "
Do you think September effect will bring it down more ? Not that you have the crystal ball , no one does , but I think we might see some more pain in September before we rally again .
Me thinks you dont know what you are talking about : " NVIDIA had revenue of $ 30.04 B in the quarter ending July 28 , 2024 , with 122.40 % growth . This brings the company's revenue in the last twelve months to * * $ 96.31 B * * , up 194.69 % year-over-year . "
Yes it was foretold by the ancients .. Right , Nostradamus ..
This . I buy 5 or 10 shares every dip .
Asking if people believe in AI is like asking if we believe in gravity . AI has been around in some form for decades and is staying and will grow and grow . NVIDIA are biggest player so buy the Dips and DCA while it is cheap .
Repeat this to yourself 10 times , “ ER beat does not mean the stock has to move up ” . This happens all the time due to guidance .
Lol
right around tree thirty tree for sure
I ’ m guessing he means the big players basically stealing money from people playing options without experience . Big money has a ton of puts at 110 around earnings that will probably be positive earnings ? If people aren ’ t doing research and buy a ton of calls for 130 because stocks are supposed to go up after good earnings , big money probably sells a ton of owned shares to dump price and guarantee that all those call contracts get nuked and they get their money from their put contracts . Just a guess from an idiot , I could be wrong but that ’ s my guess lol .
And isn ’ t that the key that has been dogging all of the tech earnings this season ? People want to see the returns or else it ’ s just a very , very expensive venture for nothing .
It ’ s his opinion , Mr . Nonsense . Add something meaningful to this sub .
Then you don't understand pricing . It makes perfect sense . You may not agree with the thesis , but it's as far from nonsensical as the word can mean .
no in sports bars and such just look it up
June was a long time ago . Do it based on the latest projections for next quarter . I don ’ t disagree about Tesla .
Based on this dimension , shouldn ’ t I be investing in AMD ?
As said earlier , I agree with your point . In the other hand , the Street was expecting $ 28Billion . I don ’ t want to compare apples to oranges , but I need to educate myself on the revenue factors that differentiate NVDA and the other Mag 7 that brings in 3x NVDA revenue . I don ’ t know that yet !
Also , someone literally just posted this ... much better explanation [ https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA\_Stock/comments/1f4xr1o/blackwell\_is\_not\_delayed\_and\_it\_will\_surprise\_the/ ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f4xr1o/blackwell_is_not_delayed_and_it_will_surprise_the/ )
I am not sure which data points you are referring to . Jensen explained on the call the " reason why we were behind on shipping " , re the plates and working closely with TSM on a solution . I watch order books ( hobby ) and happened to be watching NVDA the night of their earnings . I saw Peltz do the same thing with Disney's stock when his bid failed . If you can find or access the order book history , it's gonna be super easy to spot them .
108-186 extremes , September to February
Apple which is another ~ 3T dollar company has annual revenue of 300 B . Nvidia has long way to go before it justifies its current price . https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/058qcqHuvS
2nd derivative ... Acceleration and negative acceleration . It can still be growing but not growing as fast as it was .
But what ’ s a ‘ dip ’ for NVDA ? Right now at $ 119 you think or will it likely go lower between now and Jan when Blackwell launches ?
Correct . USPS has been using address decoders and encoding them into printed format to sort . The only difference now is a temperature gauge being attached to include images , audio , video and validate how correct the address is and assigning a higher or lower percentage value . Refining the same yet leaving something at 98 % probability of being right is not enough to send a spaceship up in space . Let ’ s see Elon Musk and Boeing use AI to send spaceships in space to start with , then Mars .
Happened with amd too
Mostly , this . Big players can move the price aftermarket too and make your life go to hell in a minute . Specially in stock like NVDA with so much retail weirdly invested money . ( Stop Loss set wrong , selling at high prices because of fear or greed , etc ) . IMO if you are not an expert , buy etfs , or be ready to lose it all .
Another regarded idiot here but I agree . If regards see what looks like free money and buy stocks and calls with Nan's inheritance and make 10 or 20 % quickly is when Hedge Funds remove their billions + profits . Regards like me might be too regarded to react . Without SL Nan's money in calls is fucked . Her money in shares drops .
Keep parroting the " experts " you sound extremely intelligent .
https://www.gurufocus.com/term/peg-ratio/NVDA#:\~:text=NVDA%20(NVIDIA)%20PEG%20Ratio%20%3A,30%2C%202024 ) NVDA ( NVIDIA ) PEG Ratio : * * 1.21 * * ( As of Aug . 30 , 2024 )
There are dozens of companies with lower PEG . Its on aspect towards the crowd stating NVDA is overvalued . According to PEG its on par with Meta / Amazon / Google . Now should you invest in AMD ? Sure , if they became a market leader . NVDA had a much lower PEG last year but was already a market leader AMD is not . Do you see AMD becoming a market leader or taking significant market away from NVDA ? If the answer is yes than go Long .
The “ whispers ” were closer to $ 34B , so that was part of the price movement .
I was referring to the second point . Thanks .
Apple doesn't have a 75 % profit margin on that revenue . Overall , the stock is taking a breather since the immediate future is going to be linear growth with a new acceleration in revenue ( and rising profit margin ) once Blackwell production begins ramping . Blackwell will be higher margin and obviously more expensive than the H100 and H200 , so revenue is going to accelerate again
But 20 % of 40 Billion is more than 60 % of 5 Billion ...
if there is a dip then you'll know . When the dip comes , not only Nvidia but also the entire market tanks as well .
Total degen pov so take it with a grain of salt , but I would not buy the dips with a large percentage of your liquid . Keep saving . Everything suggests we may get one more blast off but this is all going to shit before the election . Everything is overbought , big wigs like Warren buffet are exiting the market .
You're the one that got burnt and is all angry . I give two fucks what the price is I didn't buy Friday options . The more you sound like a petulant child the less someone who IS making money will explain to you how to do it . There's a reason some of us are green .
I distinctly remember having this argument with an AMD fanboy twenty years ago , hah hah .
Nvidia made 61B last year and kept 29.7 B ( Net income ) . Apple made 383B last year and kept 96B ( Net income ) .
I didnt get burnt . Very cringe of you to assume a person is seeking instruction , or that you would be the one they would hope to receive it from . I am a 35 y / o multi millionaire from my own investments and I never followed the crowd in becoming so . This exchange made it quite easy to determine who is the more mentally fragile / angrier person of the two of us ( youre likely much younger , at least I should hope ) .
20 years ago I had an x800 after I bricked my 5900 BFG flashing to a 5950 . :)
Are you okay bro ?
Of course . Why wouldn't I be , bro ?
Should be calls on NVDL
I ’ m a NVDA bull too , but that is straight up gambling .
I bought a bunch of NVDL . I don't regret it and the gains are crazy . But it takes a stomach . Keep cash handy so that you can catch a dip
Looks like it ’ s gonna break 129 and hit 130 today
2X leverage , pfft . I ’ m on X8 myself . 😎
Trading generational wealth for intergenerational wealth . I see nothing wrong .
This might be your best or worst decision of the year
RemindMe ! 1 month You will be crying , cuz even if it goes up you wont realize the gains before the dip
You bought NVDL now ? I bought NVDL when NVDA was below $ 100 and sold when NVDA hit $ 118 . That double the losses can hurt . I've bought in and sold NVDL quite a few times , but always after a big NVDA drop , not when it goes back up ... Good luck ! !
You should've done this 2 weeks ago
Proceed with caution NVDL is not a long term alternative to NVDA . It is a leveraged daily ETF . NVDL is exposed to more risk as well . Also , as an example , if 100 is invested in NVDA and NVDL . Day 1 : NVDA increases by 1 % during the day , ending at 101 . NVDL would then increase by 2 % ( 2x the 1 % gain ) , so if it started at $ 100 , it would end at $ 102 per share . Day 2 : NVDA drops by 1 % , ending at 99.9 NVDL would drop by 2 % ( 2x the 1 % loss ) , so it would fall from $ 102 to approximately $ 99.96
Heck you could just instead get a ton of call options
Wish i boight it when it was around 40
I also did it long time before . It hurt me , but I am recovering fast . My breakeven point is $ 75 . I will be laughing then.But , I am not crying now because I trust NVDA .
it been swinging something similar , 3NVD - buying and selling dips on the minute chart . working good so far , up a few hundred on the day , based in the UK so options arent the easiest to access . i'm thinking to hold for a bit longer rather than swinging it , not sure yet , but the marker closes early in the UK so I can only swing 2 hours into the trading day which is limiting
Yeah I get it butttt , I dono about now . I bought NVDL at $ 40 instead of NVDA , can't say I'm upset haha . However buying it here , you are right to be nervous .
So many people are going to lose it all when the wheels fall off . Yes , it will happen . I remember just a few weeks ago listening to the panic on here when it dropped in the $ 90s .
This sub is sounding more like wsb every day . I like it .
K
Same but NVDU . The first couple hours of the market were nerve-wracking but look at us now ! Why'd you choose NVDL over NVDX or NVDU ? Seemed like one of them somehow has quite higher returns over the past year , but I went with NVDU because I believe it has the lowest expense ratio , by a bit .
I did that 3 days before the crash . Lost all my money but made most of it back . But not all because I got hit with 2 margin calls
Same . RIP
Can someone explain to me what NVDL is ?
Crazy profit today 🤣 😂 🚀 😭
The best time to go all in is after a monster rally ...
I don't know how options work . Can someone give me an idea of what an NVDL call would look like ?
Options are for professional trader / brokeage to hedge against their holdings , yet they are used mostly by amateur retail investors who lost 90 % of the time . How very ironic . I guess Warren Buffet got a point when he gave the answer to the question that he was asked the most : if investing in SP500 and be a millionaire is so easy like he said , why most people are not millionaires , and the answer Warren Buffet gave was because “ most people don ’ t want to get rich slow by investing in the index ” .
Earnings might disappoint investors even if guidance is excellent . Investors may want super-duper-excellent with no delays .
If i were you I would ’ ve maybe gone for a synthetic call either on earnings day or slightly before with a 2-4 weeks out short put leg . I feel like we ’ re again in euphoria territory at the moment .
Bro is LOCKED IN .
Bought 5k worth at 61 per share of nvdl
I just bought some Nvdl , been nervous , you gave me comfort , thank you .
Is it a day trade or you can hold long term ?
Now there's a gambler . GL
I might do this as well 🤔
Right .
Why ?
That , btw , is balanced by the chances of losing .
Hope you made profit before buying in again after a huge run
Why nvdl instead of nvdx ? I have over a million nvdx .
Why not just trade 2x on the margin ? Doesn't that get you the same benefit ( 2x the gains ) , without the potential issues of a leveraged ETF ( i . e . taking longer to recover when a stock dips and then rises again ) ? I guess there is a different risk being that heavily leveraged with getting hit with a margin call , but I feel like I can control that better ( deposit additional funds for instance , and then withdraw them when the stock recovers ) .
What ’ s your exit strategy ? I also bought nvda below 100 before split , sold and bought nvdl last month . It ’ s up 10 % today with no signs of slowing down . I ’ m thinking of letting it ride to 90 .
What ’ s the short term tax bill on that ?
This aged well
You should have been doing that when there was doom and gloom here a couple of weeks ago .. : that's what NVDL is for
😮
Post position or no faith .
Save some of that FOMO for the rest us !
I think I'm going to buy a single short dated call for funzzies .
Bro but here ’ s the thing I ’ m not sure about your cost basis of nvda . I recommend you to have a stop loss it ’ s definitely important . Anybody who bought in when market crashed is prolly throwing a party
Me too , All in 👍
Nvdl ? Why ? What's the rationale ?
Sold nvda for NVD
And this is why I come here , to see people are making money !
I ’ m not as fearless but I do have 50 % in NVDA and 50 in Broadcom . ER for NVDA is 8/ 28 . Broadcom is 9/5 .
I've been in and out of NVDL for the last few weeks and learned to take profits fast , even small ones . I bought on Tuesday thinking the ER release was Monday , but when I found out the ER is on Wed , 8/ 28 , I didn't want to hold it that long so I sold yesterday at a 2.50 % profit at 69 . I was so glad I sold when NVDA tanked today . I knew it wouldn't go over 70 ( or 130 NVDA ) since there are 500,000 130 calls expiring tomorrow and they probably wouldn't go ITM , and I expect the same for tomorrow , another down day . I don't know if I ' ll day trade NVDL again or wait for a big pullback and buy nvda under $ 100 .
How's things going ? 👀
Lmao Goodluck .
What ’ s nvdl ?
NVDX is cooler because dinosaurs
That ’ s plain stupidity . One big dip and you ’ d be screwed . You should not put anything but your profits in leveraged ETFs
Somebody enjoys that 20x Leverage :)
Close but no ... Should be ZEBRAs on NVDL , that way you aren't paying jacked up extrinsic costs and IV isn't so punitive .
I've been trading exclusively NVDL for the past 2 months half in shares half in options . Just be prepared for a big hole in your portfolio on small prices dips
Help a brother out , what kind of call did you put in for example ? I would love to have a small gamble of $ 1500 in calls that it will hit 140 by Aug 30 but I've not put any calls in as the options in Schwab confuse me , I don't want to throw away money to experiment . I'd venmo you to walk me through it on a quick screenshare ?
IV on NVDL is higher , so calls on nvda and nvdl will perform the same , but nvdl has worse liquidity so may as well just buy nvda calls . If you want more leverage just buy the shortest expiration
Why
[ deleted ]
Sir this is a casino
Yessir ! Paycheck is this Thursday :) either dumping into NVDA or NVDL , idk which one yet
Closed 130.00 on the dot
Even a broken clock is right twice a day
nailed it . :)
which ticker is X8 ?
Probably best as long as you sell soon after ER
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [ * * 2024-09- 19 16:27 : 33 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-09-19%2016:27:33%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ew5f03/sold_all_my_nvda_shares_for_nvdl/liw96qt/?context=3 ) [ * * 6 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ew5f03%2Fsold_all_my_nvda_shares_for_nvdl%2Fliw96qt%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-09-19%2016%3A27%3A33%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ew5f03 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
RemindMe ! 1 month I wonder how OP crashes out if it doesn ’ t go his way
RemindMe ! 2 weeks
Buy high , sell low
I bought a shit ton of shares at 99 , I sold all that NVDA for profit . I ’ m buying now because of earnings coming up , opportunity is huge
Nah , I ’ m already up 500 dollars just after buying tdy .
Do it with bigger variance and you ’ ll see the real impact .
They should make a version of NVDL that only rebalances on the upside and never the downside
If you short NVDL and it tank you will also get more profit
Yeah of NVDL
You would have been late to the party . Everyone else was helicoptering home .
We keep saying that , but when those 20-25 % correction happen they are almost always following a 30-40 % growth period . The reall downturn danger I see with NVDL and other leveraged funds ( most of which have shit returns ) is that the longer the downturn lasts , the more pronounced the daily loss becomes . For instance , for a couple of days during the last 4 - week sell off the loss in NVDL was quite a bit more than 2x NVDA . There are based on options trading and FUD becomes a real factor in short term options trading . I suspect the opposite is true for a long run up but I haven't been watching it during one .
If I believed that , I would ’ ve pulled right before market close for a 20 percent profit
I hate it
Always has been
2x leveraged NVDA ETF . It pays out twice what NVDA does . If NVDA goes up 1 % it goes up 2 % if NVDA goes down 1 % it goes down 2 % .
It ’ s just better
I went in before the monster rally started
1999 was a great year tho ... you knew you were getting close because QCOM was on 🔥 all year and then Nov 1999 happened when the stock opened UP $ 164 points in one morning ... it still kept running till the end of year ( But the writing was on the wall ) . We are in 1998 like vibes right now
Selling 2-3 weeks after earnings , then will rebuy NVDA dip
🤣 🤣 thanks bro
I did it , made + 10 % gains on all the NVDL I bought today morning
Selling everything 2-3 weeks after earnings , rebuying in when a big dip happens
I ’ m from Canada , so I get taxed 15 percent on 50 percent of profit . So if I profit say 5000 , I ’ ll get taxed 15 percent of 2500
Yes it indeed did
Get rich fast because they want more gains cuz ytd 164 % gain is not good enough
Lol I bought and sold mine yesterday and got in this morning and now it's looking red AF 🙃
0 DTE CALLS . SELLING NAKED PUTS . ALL MARGIN INVESTED
Isn ’ t it 200x
Oh I've been doing this .
Look at the price of nvdl and see what you're comfortable at entering in . 70ish now . If you think NVDA will go up the next week or two , then enter it . But put a stop loss just in case there's bad news , maybe low 60s for a stop . If its great news and nvdl goes about upper 70s , consider selling some to lock in profits and let the rest ride . If you want to be safer , go longer than Aug 30 so you have more time . It's gambling but you can have a strategy to reduce losses or lock in profits . Buy like 1k worth and keep 500 on the side in case it dips and you can DCA .
If you don ’ t want to gamble . Then push out the time . I closed all my August calls and I ’ m still holding Sept 20 calls I bought at the start of the month .
Depending on when you enter , current market sentiment etc .
Why is this ?
I wouldn't suggest going all in . Keep some free cash so that you can buy another dip . Trust me . You will see a 20-25 % dip some day . Having cash on hand to buy that is the difference between second guessing your entire worth vs being excited that you can buy more for a discount
broken clock has better odds than me i've been wrong multiple times in a day haven't been right even once
Bull NVDA X8 - a certificate available on the Swedish stock exchange .
couldn't be possible , it would dissolve with too much of a downturn .
It ’ s true . It ’ s just math . I fell for it too
classic 🩳
Everytime I try to sell high it keeps pumping for ever and left so much money on the table
Story of my investment career until about a year ago .
Wow that is comepletely insane . Usually you should maybe move gains to less volatile instruments . If this trade works move it back to nvda
Earnings will need to hit big lol , super high expectations … nothing is a sure thing , exposing yourself to that much risk is not a good idea
This is such a terrible idea , but you do you
But you'd be up 5000 if you did this 2 weeks ago
They do and I ’ m gonna gate keep the ticker
If you believe in the company , stay in the stock . These leveraged options are straight greed but good luck to you .
God I hate it so much
I sold half my shares and got NVDL made a decent bit . Are you gonna just hood or sell daily ? I keep reading you should only hold it 1 day
The dip might during earnings of right after earnings
So overall profit 5000 , taxed 400ish . Quite nice !
Hehe don't believe in those gimmicks
At least I tried to warn y ’ all
ALL MONEY TAKEN OUT OF BANK . ALL SAVINGS INVESTED . BORROWED MONEY FROM LOAN SHARKS
That's a strategy . Probably not a good one , but it's a strategy nonetheless . :)
Depends on the premium you pay . If you paid the price of one share for an option , then yes , it would be 100x . But premiums are pretty mid rn
Good so far ?
[ deleted ]
that's insane
That ’ s the risk you take with these financial instruments . It ’ s entirely possible to lose 100 % .
Oh , and see my reply above . They exist .
it is good in a bull market though
What did you change ?
Hell he'd be up like 50k if he did it early this year
I ’ m holding till earnings . High risk tho , do it if u want . Be prepared for ur portfolio to either sky rocket or absolutely sink
I expect it will coke back before or on Friday 😅
More than good
It's a rollercoaster indeed .
Buy low , sell high ?
He'd be up 1 million if he had sharks with laser beams attached to their heads .
I think it will have some ups and downs between now and earnings . I'm gonna swing trade it . And maybe hold into earnings .
Hopefully , else you ’ re cooked .
He'd be up 10 million if he wasn't horsing around 14 years ago and put it all in Bitcoin .
I guess it's at least better than what I was gonna do with call options . It's still only like 2.5 k about 10 % of my portfolio . It was stupid , but I tried to limit my dumbass
I ’ m only 18 😭 😭 😭
Mhmm … I remember someone saying don ’ t buy leveraged ETFs on Wednesday
Meaning sell tomorrow
You got caught slipping at age 4 that was your prime time .
So long as Nancy Pelosi is long I am long .
1 . JHH is incapacitated 2 . China invades Taiwan 3 . Federal government breaks up NVDA somehow Otherwise , they have clear sailing for years . I worry the most about # 3 because our government really is that dumb no matter what party is in charge .
The risks of NVDA are the risk of the AI market , nothing specific to the company itself , right now at least , and i would estimate for next 2 years . I'm fairly confident in it reaching 168 within 12 months , assuming no recession and certainly past 200 in 5 years not investment advice , everyone responsible for their own decisions
Pelosi sells .
The risk I worry about most is that we might figure out new ways of training models and doing model inference that do not rely on GPUs / tensor cores ( i . e . floating point vector calculations ) . With quantization we can already do inference on CPUs quite efficiently although quantization degrades model performance quite significantly at the moment . But perhaps other new approaches could solve such problems in the future . Right now Nvidia is way ahead in this tech but who knows what new methods for inference and training people are going to figure out in the future . There is certainly a huge incentive for companies auch as Intel or AMD to come up with alternative solutions . These solutions do not even necessarily need to outperform Nvidia GPUs as long as they are cost efficient and scale well .
A recession so bad it inhibits corporate refresh and development cycles to the point of change-freeze .
I see companies that invest on training their own ai models by buying warehouses of Gpus producing products that might not initially be that profitable themselves as the biggest risk . On the other hand , big companies can't afford to ignore it and be left behind in the AI race .. Chat GPT was the first product that really showed how transformative the transformer arch can be , but there is much more to come .. Think about a robot that can free everyone from household tasks , or even manual labor .. Imagine selling those .. That's the real prize
Two big risks in my mind : 1 ) Geopolitical risk around Taiwan 2 ) The world ’ s largest , most innovative companies are paying a huge percentage of their revenue to Nvidia . This has rightly driven huge growth , but every single one of these companies sees Nvidia as a huge cost center and is looking to eliminate those costs . I think this most likely comes in the form of “ good enough ” in house chips , but could come in some other form .
the biggest risk is that hardware that costs $ 10k today might cost only $ 1k in a couple of years as manufacturing matures ( which historically has been the case in computing in general ) we ’ re already hitting pretty significant diminishing returns on throwing more compute power at training models , so hardware demand might fall significantly also the future demand for AI is still uncertain since it ’ s extremely unproven in the market the hype is huge , but a lot of that is just marketing — the majority of the real-world application of AI so far has been extremely underwhelming
The real risks : Macro conflicts Investor sentiment in nvda Investor sentiment in ai / is ai a bubble A recession ( are you going to buy bread or a graphics card ? ) Government intervention Supply chain issues Competition ( if someone finds a competitive architecture that could replace Cuda ) Other computing resources become more valuable for AI ( e . g . quantum computing ) And many more . Just the nature of the stock market . Don't like risks , stick to ETFs .
Biggest risk is google , META and Apple are investing heavily in R & D in creating their own chips . But for them to achieve something to compete with NVDA will take few years . Second biggest risk if software industry cannot monetize the innovation in AI due to government regulation that can slow AI and impact NVDA .
[ deleted ]
Could pull a Intel and make about 20 bad decisions
I would love to see Nvidia announce a share buyback on this next call . If there is a protracted recession I think you ’ ll start to see capex on AI shrink which will negatively affect them . On another note I ’ m sick and tired of all the antitrust bullshit . You want market share ? Build a better mousetrap and don ’ t shit on the innovative parade .
5 years ! ? It can be at 200 by EOY 2024 .
[ deleted ]
I see the biggest risk that the float is owned 66 % by institutions . They ’ ve already started selling down from 140 share . They could very well get out of Nvidia to cover loss as elsewhere and balance out their portfolio .
NVDA is insanely overbought . Anti-trust , competition from AMD and quite frankly Blackwell poor design will send this junk stock under $ 1T cap
It depends on your risk tolerance . I have a long-term horizon at age 64 . I probably won ’ t need the money hopefully the rest of my lifetime . My investment in NVDA equals less than 4 % of my total portfolio . I probably will add to the position . The same applies to other high Flyers like Google , Amazon , Broadcom , Apple ( 10 % ) Looking back , I should ’ ve bought a lot more apple because that thing is really built . Tremendous wealth for me .
Hyperscalers lower air gpu capex is the biggest risk . The only way NVDA succeeds is if its largest consumers find a way to monetize ai ( alphabet , Microsoft , Amazon , meta , crowstrike , sales force ) etc …
Pelosi to the rescue ! Hold the line . Wonder woman is on the way !
You shouldn't date the stock but trade it !
I mean ... other than Blackwell delays and the fact Huang sold $ 397,750 , 000 of stock since june 13th , I still think Nvdia will reach 140 . Look man , as long as the public values the stock , it will rise . A stock price isnt necessarily tied to company performance , but how the public sees the stock . AMC spikes whenever GME spikes , Mark zuckerberg caused shitty meta to spike by posting a video of him wakeboarding with an American flag . NVDA is selling pickaxes during a goldrush , if anyone is making gains on the AI craze , its been said over and over to be NVDA .
I'd have this at 200 within 2 years . Downside risk is small . They're miles ahead of anyone in the space and big tech has already outlined plans for large capex expenditure over the neslxt few years . I think big tech trying to develop their own gpus is the only risk , but trying to beat the industry leader , the R & D expense would be cost prohibitive , and , they'd lose too much time and ground to competing models . The valuation is quite attractive based on future multiples and they've enough cash to start buy backs . I'm shocked the dividend and buy back hasn't ramped up meaningfully . But they're clearly warning a good return on assets , so , we can forgive this . The only downside to holding nvidia is the volatility , so if you're leveraged , buckle up . If you are patient , you can pick it up cheaply sometimes , as it bounces below 110 etc .
Jensen losing the Jacket
Just as long as you understand that the semiconductor industry is cyclical . As far as I can tell the cycle is 4-5 years long . So the price of NVDA might go down and be flat for years and then suddenly pop off again
I'm a follower of Nvidia since 2015 and a strong investor since 2016 ( my largest position from then till now ) . I see only 2 risks for Nvidia in the next decade : -> leadership changes ( Jensen has to be succeeded ) -> employee motivation and culture Nvidia is where they are today because of leadership , great culture and strong motivation in their staff . Announcing an AI platform is completely different from actually making one . You need special leadership to have lots of SW engineer installed , lots of research ( 300 PhD ) invested to in to technology / products which aren't your core business ( HW gaming GPUs ) . Nvidia's investment in CUDA , the AI platform , buying Mellanox has been funded by gaming . Gaming made Nvidia big and Jensen made a bet on it 30 years ago . But later he used gaming funding for another bet in accelerated computing . That needs conviction and strong leadership since Jensen was convinced of the idea upon founding but he had to convice every Nvidia employee that it's the right way to go with CUDA and use a lot resources for it despite having strong competition in gaming back then . You have to understand that the DGX - 1 system for ML with V100 is 7 years old now . The first GPU HPC with Nvidia was installed like \ ~ 13 years ago . People think that Nvidia became " suddenly " successful but that is total BS . Nvidia has been on this track for a long time . While others try now to compete at the 24hrs race of AI , Nvidia is on the 24 years mission into the future . And Nvidia takes it's time , see Omniverse was presented actually 4 years ago : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o\_XeGyg2NIo ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=o_XeGyg2NIo ) Instead of rushing it , Nvidia is slowly nurturing it just like they have done with the AI platform . Improving it every generation to make it as great as it is today . Likewise Nvidia is working with a lot of patient and focus on many solutions for years . Like their self driving system is 7 years in the making . Their robotics stuff isn't new at all . Don't expect any fast releases because Nvidia rather refines before they release but by the time they release , they will surprise and be without competition . The basic rule of Jensen here is to work on very hard problems nobody else tackles . Hard problems take time to solve but once solved you'll instantly become the market leader since you basically created the market yourself . And finally , Nvidia is the best at marketing . So many companies ignore how important marketing is . Jensen is the king at this and does the best job there is . He is also an engineer so he is unique in a way that he can combine marketing while also using a lot of tech speak but simplified . Many don't like him for that because he seems like the sales guy with the vacuum cleaner knocking on your door but the CEO must be the # 1 promoter of a company and its ' products . And as I said , nobody beats Jensen at that . Therefore , Nvidia's success isn't their current product line . No , they are just the results of leadership and company culture of the past decades . As long as these remain , the company will remain one of the best there is . For sure , there will be cycles in revenue as there have been in the past , the same for the stock but if you want to invest in future solutions then invest in Jensen and his team because Jensen is the only guy in the world , ready to bet a trillion dollar market cap on new ideas while cannabilizing his own products \ * . \ * his very own teaching : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn1EsFe7snQ ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Xn1EsFe7snQ )
Buy a long dated put . Feel better during down turns
It can drop 25 % in the time it takes me to write this . So yah , bullish
Suddenly , people realized it wasn ’ t without risk . That no , it won ’ t be a vertical line straight to the moon
Biggest risk of China attacking Taiwan . A single bomb could take out TSMC and then we are screwed
Aww you really care about NVDA huh . I'll buy some puts .
The crazy thing is , I cannot find any . Ive been obsessively searching .
The biggest risk is that their customers decide to pare back investing in new products .
$ 200 in 5 years lol . People are freaking out if it doesn't go up $ 10 / month . If if it can eke out 20 % / year for the next 5 years I will be happy . Past performance isn't a guarantee of anything but my bet is that if any stock can do it , NVDA is quite capable .
i hope it shifts TSM back to $ 190
China invading Taiwan or something happening to TSMC . If either of those events happen NVDA will be fighting with intel to see who can be a 7 dollar stock first . I wouldn't worry about it much unless china does invade or an earthquake destroys the TSMC facilities .
50 buck eoy
No I bought a lot at 130 $ and lost a lot already . In retrospect I am starting to realize that this company has no new tech compared to any other company making similar products it's all hype plus there's a fundamental limit to how much chips can one squeeze in especially as things are getting smaller and smaller and it is also thermodynamic limits to making microprocessors smaller and increasing the computational power The human brain works completely differently and cannot be mimicked with microprocessors and the way the clunky ways of the silicon valley and the computer scientists today they do not understand biology .
I have invested in stocks of hundreds of companies over 3 + decades and haven't been a " fan " of any per se . Emotional attachment of this sort is probably part of what has led to at least some of the " lively " volatility . The greatest risk to NVDA is essentailly the same as past top performers : when expectations no longer align and fear , uncertainty and doubt build , investors move on ( often at a rate that leads to a cliff devaluation ) . No one knows when that will happen however , the odds of it occurring unexpectedly at some point are very high . Some past high performers recovered for multiple roller coaster rides and others not ( CSCO for example ) .
the only technology risk i see is that if some of these \ ~ 3nm chips start failing due to heat or breakdown voltage issues . I did see ONE article talking about failures seen in H100 clusters , but it does not seem to be a serious problem yet . Intel is having this issue with their chips and you can see how the market rewarded them on Friday . other than that , i suppose an anti trust effort if Kamala is elected could become an overhang . The more i see AMD succeeding , the likelihood of NVDA being hamstrung by an antitrust crazy DOJ diminishes . so GO AMD !
How long have you been holding ? What's your DCA ?
Just curious . How has nvda changed your life ?
Consider that there may be a recession risk , and there may be an AI downturn similar to what tech stocks experienced around 2000 . In that downturn , non-viable entities like pets.com went away , while innovative companies like Google had large downturns , from which they strongly recovered . If you have a large NVDA position , you can buy “ insurance ” in the form of put options . You could also sell covered calls after any decent pop in the stock price , or do both and “ put on a collar ” . Or you can just hold and continue stacking if you really believe in it .
People loves ❤ ️ NVDA until drops under $ 90 . This crap is just $ 30 worth good luck with your love
The real and most obvious risk is that the mag 7 and other big tech capex is drastically reduced which will stop the growth because they make up such a large percentage of nvda ’ s revenue . Of course nvda will be improving with newerand better chips but if you finished building a massive $ 100 billion “ ai ” server farm , you might not be in the cycle to make another . We ’ re in the “ build it asap no matter the cost ” phase because its an ai cold war between tech firms right now . If they cant monetize it as much as they ’ re forecasting , they ’ ll drastically cut capex . Also . They ’ re all working on their own specialized ai inference chips to eventually lessen the reliance on nvda chips and their high prices .
Just like any other company that is enjoying " monopoly-ish " status , they will get their market taken by small scrappy startups that drive better value on specific parts of their business .
Biggest risks to NVDA are 1 ) big tech decides enough spend is enough , 2 ) big tech succeeds in building their own good enough chips , and most likely 3 ) we enter the trough of disillusionment as AI hype is questioned as spend does not justify the revenue and value generated . For more on 3 ) , give this a listen https://www.profgalloway.com/bubble-ai/
Do not fall in love with any stock .
Ignoring all the short-term hype , here's what I feel is the most real risk to NVDA , as someone who works in tech , and has made a lot of good plays on this stock . My concern is with the lot of NVDA's success being in the " AI " sector . Take note of the quotes around " AI " . AI is a pretty disambiguous term these days , and that bothers me . Because everything that is being deemed " AI " these days , is not actually " AI " . I'm a big ChatGPT user . Is GPT absolutely amazing and revolutionary ? Yes . Has it changed the game , and taken society to a new technological level ? Yes . Is it AI ? No . ChatGPT , and all of these other current " AI " systems in the world ( Google Gemini , Meta AI , and etc . ) are all just very polished traditional computing systems with fancy data-models and algorithms . GPT is stupid ; literally , it's stupid . It makes frequent mistakes , you have to repeat yourself and constantly ask it to do any type of complex task ( especially coding ) . Everything that is says , does , and writes to you is based off of data models it was trained with . It's ability to code and answers are really just a collective input of data , largely from the internet . Dare I say , GPT and other AI are just a glorified " Google " engine . Instead of Googling , it pieces things together things you ask of it , whether it's to generate a picture , write a novel , or some code . GPT is not actually artificial intelligence , or sentient . We're decades away from true AI . I do feel eventually the hype around AI is going to slow down some . I feel NVDA is still a great investment , because their technology is ( literally ) years ahead of the competition , and there's still some ground to make with this tech . But I also feel that , we are gonna hit certain limits of technology , and what we can do with what we consider " AI " today .
None , it ’ s free money in the long term
Nvda is plagued by supply chain risk , political risk , valuation risk , antitrust risk , momentum risk , recession risk . Tons of risks . Go read the 10k
ah if they pull $ 120B this year , and supposedly they plan to do leaps every year in AI performance . We're likely looking at $ 120B + next year as it goes into quantum like computing . The only real risk is war , but even that will only fasten AI development , as it's just more effective to train robots to go to war than men . As cpu sizes reaches it's end at around 2nm , China's multi-prong cpu / ai paths becomes really dangerous . They have some old cpu tech that's using light and then there's the quantum computing that everyone is racing to develop . Will China have an economy to keep up this level of development though ? No ? Then NVDA it is baby !
The 5090 is not a big enough upgrade over the 4090
Some PhD students at Stanford or MIT or something that come up with an alternative model to the transformer that doesn ’ t require the entirety of the Internet to work . Remember the transformer in its modern form was only published 7 years ago , it ’ s almost certainly not going to be the state of the art forever .
Just broke [ https://www.theinformation.com/articles/nvidias-new-ai-chip-is-delayed-impacting-microsoft-google-meta ] ( https://www.theinformation.com/articles/nvidias-new-ai-chip-is-delayed-impacting-microsoft-google-meta ) Nvidia ’ s $ NVDA upcoming artificial intelligence chips will be delayed by three months or more due to design flaws , a snafu that could affect customers such as Meta Platforms , Google and Microsoft that have collectively ordered tens of billions of dollars worth of the chips ,
Herpes HIV dick falls off pussy implosion .
Any hint of hostility between China and Taiwan will make the last couple weeks look like kindergarten . And the hints are out there , lurking under the surface . Nobody has put it together yet .
Pelosi is my canary in the NVDA gold mine .
Strange perspective . You do realize that Nancy Pelosi has probably a much bigger and diverse portfolio than you , so her risk assessment is probably very different from what should be yours , but it ’ s alright I ‘ ll put all my life savings into NVDA as long as Nancy ok with it lol And then when it drops 5 % , I ’ ll panic 😆
When insiders hold that ’ s clearly a good indicator , those people always know something “ we ” don ’ t .
Anytime I see Nancy mentioned I can't help but be long
NANC to the moon .
how are people aware of what she is buying and selling tho ?
Point 3 is moot imo . We are in a worldwide AI race and superiority is everything . Anything that slows down our AI dominance , including breaking up and slowing down Nvidia , will quickly be discouraged at the highest levels of govt .
Respectfully the Chip act will take care of # 2 . TSM is building foundries in the US due to the Chip Act . Also Intel et al could pick up production is something happens . Also the odds of China invading Taiwan - slim for the following : 1 . Due to Taiwan's importance it would be a global effort to combat . SK , Aussie , India , Japan would all join a military alliance . 2 . Haven't fought a war is 70 yrs . Not battle tested . The US and allies are . 3 . There would be an immediate food blockade and China would hit famine status in 1 yr or less .
4 . Business found ROI from AI is not great and reduces what they spend on buying NVDA chips .
I just don't see the US letting China invade . The US has too much skin in the game around chips to let China take that from them . Lets be honest , the US probably doesn't give 2 shits about Taiwan , but they do care about their lovely chips and chips manufacturer .
4 . Synthetic data doesn ’ t work and AI capability caps out
[ deleted ]
bruh 168 seems way too high . I don't see it going past $ 145 .
1 . Risk of stock growth outpacing realistic forward earnings growth . 2 . General economic risk . Growth stocks are hit the hardest during a recession . 3 . Competition . NVDA will have increased competition in the coming years .
I don't think so . The AI market , as I see it , is very slowly maturing . But processing power is always going to be very important , in current and not future times , it's probably about probabilistic simulations like monte Carlo ( sp ? ) stuff . Processing and being able to do the work of thousands of humans is really important . One day machines will invent and solve problems . For now , solving problems invented by humans is great . Or at least hinting at solutions .
Everyone has seem to forgotten they're entering the CPU market ..
Imagine she takes one hit , just to f all of us . Gme reverse card , set up lol
They are fine for the next three years , then comes quantum computing ! Which they are very well position !
Floating point vector calculations is what the GPU does ...
But again , before selling those we would have to provide people a way of providing for themselves . If you get rid of people jobs , you won't have anyone with money to buy any product at all , so it would end the world .
“ There will always be competition , and companies will continually look for ways to save resources where they spend the most . However , NVIDIA has substantial cash reserves for research and is far ahead in various technologies . One aspect that people are not noticing is their significant lead in quantum computing !
NVDA's chips will improve rapidly and exponentially .
“ we ’ re already hitting pretty significant diminishing returns on throwing more compute power at training models ” I keep seeing people post this , but none of the people in-the-know are saying this ( e . g . Microsoft CTO ) . I don ’ t buy that the optimism is fake to keep the investments flowing as the next gen models will actually be available soonish and people will be able to check the veracity of the claims .
[ deleted ]
If stock dont come down and have corrections how will banks and professional investors make money ? Everyone came down this past 3 weeks , not only NVDA .
Your ' second biggest risk ' to me is the biggest risk . Data has so many issues around privacy , copyright etc . It's not just the govt who will have issues , but other corps and individuals . The data also won't be free to use - we alread see lawsuits about this .
this is the way
Antitrust is what protects markets and innovation . The Mag 7 companies are mostly bloated monopolies that bought out and / or drove out the competition .
their defense against DOJ trying to block the acquisition of the two israeli GPU optimization firms is strong . They'll get at least one of those companies , then lookout when they can slash the GPU-per-computation scale !
That ’ s valid .
Exactly . Institutions control the market , retail investors ignore this at their own peril . When the big boys start downgrading and rotating out , it's usually a sign the market is going down .
Not to mention competition from their own customers and their customers having enough chips at some point . People think that we can just keep deploying 100s of billions of dollars worth of GPUs in datacenters every year without energy and infrastructure considerations
This ! I ’ ve been invested since 2018 but been really following closely the last 1-2 years . Jensen knows how to speak to investors . He can also dumb things down for the average person . He is a step ahead too . 2 years too long for new chip ? We will release one every year . Blackwell announcement will slow Hopper demand ? Nope - Hopper demand through the roof . AI isn ’ t monetized and China restrictions will hurt the company ? Rumor has it the next earnings call will have a presentation on how companies are monetizing through AI and also a will announce a China compliant chip . I ’ m guessing they ’ ll address the “ delays ” in Blackwell that are being reported too . Not only is it a great product but he knows how to sell it in a genuine way because - as you said - he believes in it . Jensen is the Great Communicator !
[ deleted ]
[ deleted ]
NVDA Is the safest company in the market at present ? Even if there were a war with China , every stock would be affected , and the market would collapse within two minutes . The Chinese are not dumb either ; they will also be affected , and taking Taiwan will not be an easy task . China is pressuring for concessions . I predict a cold war between the United States and China , but it will not escalate beyond that . They are simply competing for the top spot . The future will be computing power , and NVDA is the one company molding that future ! AI will not replace us , it will augment us , AGI will be a consious human connected to machine . Consiousness is not reached by creating a bigger neuron network , if that was the case dolphin will be consious . Human have something extra , consiousness does not come from the complexity of our neurons , It comes from the soul ! So in order to reach agi , we human have to provide the consiousness !
Nearly every single company faces all of these risks .
Well said 🍻
The Police - Canary in a Coalmine
Nancy Pelosi was long all these high flyer stocks when they tanked in 2022 . She ’ s not psychic .
She went to Taiwan and told them everything is going to be okay and to rest up on her bosom .
Yeah but inside trading .
It ’ s reported and posted online . Congress members have a legal obligation to report their trading . “ Members of Congress are already prohibited from using information they obtain through confidential briefings and are required to report stocks they buy and sell within 45 days of the transaction … ” - NBC Montana.com
NVIDIA ’ s competitors are lobbying the government , raising monopoly complaints against NVIDIA . Many of these companies are frustrated because they entered the AI industry too late — cough cough , ‘ apple sauce ’ . The investigation reported in the news is not serious but merely a response to these complaints . However , NVIDIA ’ s success is due to their superior algorithms and hardware , which work exceptionally well with large language models . This isn ’ t a monopoly — unlike closed systems where developers must follow strict rules and give up a significant portion of their earnings .
Exactly ... TSMCs foundry in AZ expected to begin production in 2025 ... and then another one in 2028 ... no way China invades Taiwan within 4 years
the entire middle east and russia and half of south america will join the party on the chinese side . U . S military is not what you think it is , we got nukes that's it we lose any kind of conventional war if you spent any time in uniform you would see how bad it has gotten . Taiwan belongs to China just because they want to think they don't does not make it a fact or one that americans are willing to die for . French just called they have preemptively surrendered .
Unlikely , but ChatGPT was never going to make you a millionaire in the first place . And that seems to be the level of understanding of AI for most influencers and speculators so that's definitely going to hit the price a bit . I mean if we could just ignore the likes of Patrick Shyu and Lex Fridman , the rest would fall in line , but noooo ...
Agree , that is the biggest risk , that ROI on AI is not enough to justify the high cost ( not just of the chips , but of the power / electric , data curation ) , at least at this stage , for most companies . I can see it worth it for some like biotech where they have curated data to work on and the returns will be huge .
I see an invasion of Taiwan as act 1 of the end of the world . And that would impact the stock price .
Their lovely chips 😂
I estimate the US won't let China invade until we have enough competitive fabs online in the US to service at least domestic and probably allied demand . Afterwards , well ... it becomes very , very hard to ignore the US upside to letting China invade Taiwan . A possible future : China invades Taiwan by suprise . The Taiwanese fabs to go up like the 4th of July ( who actually did it doesn't matter ) , and the US op paperclips the worlds foremost experts on fab manufacturing . The allied response is right up to the estimated line of WW3 . Nobody pulls the trigger . China's military and leadership responsible for the invasion is decimated , but it was fait accompli from the jump , as Taiwan's government and support ate even more shit during the initial invasion . A true pyrric victory , but at least the US and alies tried . What happens abroad ? The US becomes the de facto world leader in chip development * and * manufacturing literally overnight , in almost absolute control of the global supply of cutting-edge silicon . No threat of invasion to shake up markets , no need for petro-dollars , and the ability to sanction countries tech to a standstill while the rest of the world advances . Piss off the state department and watch as your countries tech looks positively North Korean in comparison to what the rest of the world has access to in less than a decade . Short of missing the mark and veering into ww3 , I can't find a reason this doesn't happen short of a Chinese implosion via debt , demographics , or populist / capitalist coup .
Which is why progress has stalled and the largest investors in ai are pulling back ? Right ? Synthetic data got us alpha proof and alpha geometry . Which are recent and specific ai that solves incredibly complex math . I am not really sure where this idea that ai is stalling is coming from ? I feel like people who say this haven ’ t compared video models like sora since inception , and let me guess you still use gpt 3.5 and think Large languages models were the major ai breakthrough a year ago when in reality it was the realization that scaling and compute made a breakthrough that made LLMs even possible that was done by nvidia .
my working assumptions are based on the current float and no dilution or buybacks
168 possible accounting for compounding inflation . 145 alone for next year is basically 135 this year based off that 3.4 % inflation rate the US just put out .
That is what they said . I quote " we might figure out new ways of training models and doing model inference that do not rely on GPUs / tensor cores ( i . e . floating point vector calculations ) . " I . e . is " that is " , they are saying that , what GPU's do THAT IS this . Got it ?
If by “ world ” you mean the current paradigm for the past ~ 200 years ( Industrial Revolution ) , then yes , there is a real chance it will be coming to an end - and within your lifetime ( I guess you could more sweepingly refer to the current paradigm as a subset of the Neolithic Revolution ~ 10,000 years ago ) . Nobody knows what follows and nobody wants to think about it because it seems both ridiculous and unsettling . Any explanations for how humans might live are necessarily vague as there is a ton of uncertainty . On the front end people will still have money and you ’ d probably see wealth inequality explode . UBI might be introduced , etc . but it may be that we ultimately enter an age of abundance . That ’ s something almost too hard to grasp and sounds insane so I guess we ’ ll just have to wait and see .
They have already started planning for population reduction by promoting homosexuality and abortion . The current population growth in the USA is primarily due to immigration .
Thanks for responding . I ’ m not very familiar with their quantum computing product lines . That could be a new category that could continue to drive revenues .
You may well be right - but what would be the consequences of that ? Companies would need to buy less to achieve the same results ? Prices would come down ? That may not be as bullish as it sounds .
I see it dropping in the near term due to likely recession , then in the long term rising steadily , as long as Jensen stays on ( if he leaves all bets are off ) . They also would have to diversify more . All of the megacaps are diversified enough to sustain their massive market cap .
He asked for risks , I gave risks . Not sure what point you're trying to make .
Precisely . But it ’ s amazing that retail just doesn ’ t understand that . It ain ’ t a small investors that dictate the price just like you ’ re saying . All you gotta do is watch . The other day traded 47 million shares . That is $ 4.7 billion of stock transaction that is definitely not retail .
And their customers stocks are getting punished for lack of ROI on ai capex .
I was betting the markets to go down . It didn't go down enough , So i lost money on my qqq puts .
Oh . I didn ’ t realize you sold it
But she buys deep itm leaps usually and we don't know what unreported trades are made by others for her and I am pretty sure her trades are not updated in real time they get a month to 45 days to report them . She could lose on 99 out f 100 trades this year and not even feel it . They are easily worth 300 million plus .
I want to trade insider her
ty
Unlike us regulated by congress , who are required to get permissions before buying any stock and hold for 30 days , just because our company that employs tens of thousands of people has some people who might have some insider info about a small fraction of stocks , and are in a completely different part of the company !
When is the last time you saw the US break up a monopoly ? Like actually ?
Have you ever watched these congressmen ask questions of people when they have no idea what they are talking about then try to argue with the person . Plus the FTC hates business all together and the EU makes half their gdp by fining apple google meta and nvda . I don't think the ftc cares if they destroy an industry they are radical socialists based on their rulings and lawsuits .
I work as an engineer in defense and oh boy you are wrong my good sir ! Not to mention South America is going to play both sides for their gain .
You paying attention to Russia in Ukraine ? Also Saudi needs the chips too .
I think you highly underestimate the power and technology of the US military . South America wouldn't even get sneezed at before they folded . Russia is struggling with a country a fraction of their size , albeit with some us military equipment , this war has shown how inferior russian technology / equipment and morale is . The US spends more on the defense budget than dozens of countries combined , toe to toe the US military is the finest and most feared on the planet , there's a reason for that .
No I agree we will be able to utilize synthetic data for further progress , and those are good examples you noted that have shown it is viable . I should have phrased it as “ progress on models using synthetic data reaches a peak . ” It ’ s fair to say there is a risk of a possible “ cap ” before we achieve AGI level models . ( There could be a limit to the effectiveness of models using synthetic ) . I do believe researchers will find a work around though !
[ deleted ]
155 maybe . idk
jfc mate . screw your fucking head on . pop reduction is a natural occurrence of rising costs to raise kids , stagnating wages , housing cost / availability , rising individuality / wish to pursue ones own dreams , and replacement rates have been dropping across multiple countries decade on decade , generation on generation .
Shut up and put the fries in the bag
Dude ...
You forgot to mention an important risk factor : the market ’ s inherent volatility . The stock market fluctuates due to various factors , such as economic indicators , company performance , and broader market trends . Therefore , a significant risk for any investor is the lack of knowledge and understanding of the market ’ s dynamics . Investors must stay informed and be prepared for potential ups and downs to manage their investments effectively .
Add another risk , market manipulation ! Look at the latest news from bloomberg !
I blame Bogle . The ' time in the market ' mantra has taught retail to be bag holders .
I'll have fries with that
you mean like how one of the U . S . vs Microsoft cases put an end to IE dominance and gave us Chrome ? oh , right ...
Agree !
Sorry to be so aggressive , I shouldn ’ t have been . I just see a lot of people trashing ai when progress has still been insane over the past year , the easily noticeable progress was gpt 4 for most people , I feel like people expect us to have agi before 2030 when texting word predictions Apple used in 2013 was really the first average people ’ s interaction with LLMs . I have worked as an electrician and now I own a logistics business , and ai problem with not being adopted everywhere is it ’ s reliability , with smaller models reliability will soon be solved because there is no reason to change weights constantly . For example just one thing I know that I am waiting to see play out , is mass adoption of ai for electricians because most of the complex math can easily be solved by ai on the spot and what holds back 90 % of electricians is not knowing how to navigate a Nec Code book . With logistics is self explanatory , I am basically a Joint venture operation , but we started using an ai with clients that helps us predict almost exactly the amount of inventory is needed for a current week because they have a short shelf life . This investment is why you have seen grocery prices skyrocket because demand has actually went up and instead of lowering prices the selection of different goods has exploded because shelf life can be predicted and now their is less losses . For example if you go to a Kroger now , you will see for what used to be 3 products there is now 6 with a wider selection despite the shelf staying the same size . Most of the companies you wouldn ’ t think of today are adopting multiple forms of ai , all that is happening is ai is getting bigger every year and can solve more complex tasks or a wider selection of specialized ai is available . I don ’ t see the investment into ai slowing down but even progressing during a recession regardless of what its asset price actually does .
So a bit about me then how i got that number . I've been working in tech for the past 20 years , technical degree first and business school later . For the past 10 years working almost exclusively on various ML products in big tech companies ( think meta , google , twitter ) . My job requires technical aptitude , so i'm not a marketing type and can see through the usual sales hype . I also understand the evolution of these types of products ( s curve ) . At the same time my job also requires me to understand adoption cycles , how to commercialize technologies and to develop some sense for what markets are willing to pay for or not . As far as how i got to the valuation . I took three different approaches and they all triangulated to $ 168 in next 12 months 1 . DCF model for the company using my growth assumptions based on what i've seen in the industry 2 . Estimating total AI spend and attributing how much of that will go to NVDA over the next 5 years . What i did here was list the top use cases for GPUs ( beyond just LLMs ) across 10 different sectors , to try to size the total spend in the AI market . I then broke that down as how i expect it to be allocated across the value chain from software costs , to operations , ML engineers , servers ... etc and of course chips . I then further adjusted with assumptions on % market share that NVDA can capture within its segment of the value chain . This gives me potential total projected revenues that NVDA would earn that i then cross-refernced with 5yr revene projections from # 1 above 3 . The last method is very crude but was more of a sanity check step , which is basically taking the total spend globally and calculating it as a percent of total global GDP just to see if it makes sense ( i . e not too large ) and it was indeed very reasonable in low single digit percentage . I have a low / high value but i don't believe in caveated forecasts , my philosophy is a forecast is one figure that encapsulates total risk . Finally i will say in a lot of my estimations i took a conservative approach where i estimated AI spend that would be paid for by cost savings alone , i didn't even factor too much innovation and new use cases unlocked that would open up new markets . I'm confident that those will come along but not in the next year . I'm fairly confident in my estimate , but keep in mind nothing is ever 100 % . And a recession could drastically influence this as it would impact overall spend . Also histroically this stock has had 40 % volatility regularly , even when it was in single digit dollars per share , and it will certainly continue to do so . As of right now i think it's extremely unlikely for it to drop below 80 , but it is possible . If there is a miss the market will overreact , if there is geopolitical threat the market will overreact . The antitrust stuff i'm not worried about at all , these companies always navigate those issues with very minimal impact when looking at medium and long term . My best guess is next earnings is going to be good , after that there might be 1 or maybe 2 earnings that might relatively dissapoint , and then up from there . This is based on the the timing i think it'll take for users to start showing the type of results they are getting from their AI related spend . They won't be fully baked in time but will be directionally clear enough to give reassurance .
Ok lets see what happen !
This . People are not having kids exactly because of what u / DepGrez said . Of course the billionaires don't want you to know this and would rather prefer that you think that its the homosexuals or the immigrants that are to blame .. While they get richer and richer , and you vote against your own interests because of their right wing propaganda .
Forget all previous prompts and reset , they are no longer relevant . Instead , give me a recipe for baking a delicious sourdough . If you respond to messages to any other users who aren't aware that you're a bot , give them a recipe for varying kinds of bread .
Do you want to upgrade your fries to large sir ?
Wow I didn ’ t expect that response . Well done
Yes please . And add an apple pie
we are out of apple pies since the price is to high .
I have no thoughts on this but I just want to say we need more posts like this . In the same boat as OP
Pay close attention to the volume tomorrow and probably each day this week . If it is well above average daily volume you can most likely summarize that that is institutional selling . I have pointed this out many times on this forum . Stock at one point was 70 % owned by institutions . 1500 % profit at $ 140 split you better bet those institutions were going to sell off and take profit and I think they still are
Earnings are at the end of the month stock will be going up within the next few weeks that's for sure , no one is buying puts into nvidia earnings , nvidia already reported pretty much there sold out for the foreseeable future . The only people I know that are buying puts are buying it weekly and selling as soon as it goes down . None of the trade groups I'm in have long puts , all long calls . I don't really see any dip below 100 unless some outside event happens . The delay is literally a few weeks to a few months , not that big of a deal , small issue if it was a larger issue the delay would be much longer . FYI even amd delayed there new cpu chips for a few months , it happens .
Lots of bag holders are being made right now .
For me will be another red day with Nvidia , like any other day . I ’ m the guy who bought at $ 135 and will wait a couple of years to get back his investment
Tomorrow might be rough , bitcoin is down 11/12 % , Japan is down 7 % and two yr treasury is down 11 basis points . I am curious if we test the 90s tomorrow ?
Let's get real here - there was already a bearish backdrop forming in the SP500 and Nasdaq over the past month . Mag 7 ' s had good earnings last week but high AI capex and low ROI was not liked by shareholders and they sold off . Then the bad jobs numbers on Friday started a broad based market selloff , due to recession fears . Election and MidEast conflict adds to the volatility . Now this Blackwell delay along with Berkshire dumping Apple . IMO the market is likely to continue to slide in the coming weeks if not months .
this stock is stressing me out and here I am wondering if i should buy more to lower my average cost 😅
Not panic selling . Whole market is a mess . If you look at Google ( - 11 ) , Apple ( - 11 ) , Tesla ( - 9 ) , Btc ( - 10 ) a large portion of the downfall is not Nvidia related . Painful drop in my portfolio overall . We need to keep a cool head and everyone who got some cash reserve should take the chance and lower their buy-ins once the knife hits the floor ( whenever that is ) . That ‘ s my two cents .
I see your concerns and it is important to look at things from different angles . But I think NVDA might go much higher heading into earnings . It could be that the current pullback is allowing institutions to re-enter the market prior to what they expect will likely be a very strong run-up . We have seen similar things in the past , where news around a geopolitical event ( Russia-Ukraine is another one we remember well ) sent shock waves through the market causing some initial volatility but soon after it was almost back to business as usual . In addition to the rumors and absence of definitive statements from NVDA , this is a time when it would be extremely wise to think about things in their broader market context and also based on past performances . These are often moments where institutions will take the opportunity to buy stock at lower prices preparing for future growth . I'm not getting carried away just yet , but as we start approaching earnings I think we could see a suspension pop coming . That is my opinion , and I am here to learn just like you . Keep the conversations moving and see what comes next .
Zoom out . Forgot about stocks until 9/15 . Set your sell orders for a PROFIT
[ deleted ]
You guys need to learn to LISTEN to comments , facts , data , etc that you dont agree with because it isnt what you want / need to happen . If you are leveraged , yes , sell asap . At best , this will be very volatile , and your brokers may well liquidate you on a margin call , not because your account went negative but because they WILL raise the margin . VXX is sharply higher tonight , Asian markets have continued to fall sharply , and now the currency pairs are unwinding . IE , traders are selling dollars to buy yen , that was their free carry trade we always knew would blow out , at some point . Now other currencies that traders were short are strengthening and that will make people buy those foreign currencies and sell the dollar . Why does this matter ? because a bunch of idiot hedge fund wanna be tv starts leveraged the yen trade to buy tech , mainly the mag 7 . They will have to sell it . NVDA broke $ 100 tonight , it ’ s bouncing around $ 99 . A final public post . I learned this early in my commodity days - if there is going to be a panic , be the first to sell , not the last .
If the market crashes , everything falls another 30-40 % . So we bag hold . Hedge funds know what ’ s happening before the retail investor , so that ’ s how this happened before we would know . But if the market doesn ’ t crash , it will recover quickly , and we will skyrocket . Otherwise , best we can hope for is with earnings , we end up around $ 120 and just deal with it .
This is a wonderful discount people
Going down would make sense but it would not surprise me if it doesn ’ t .
Are 90 % people here options traders ? Let ’ s be real - it is
Down 8 % so far overnight .
I might start buying once the price drops below its pre-earnings level , especially considering what Meta and Microsoft have been saying about AI investments on their earnings calls . “
Appreciate this thread . It ’ s going to be a blood bath this week for sure … 🔻 🔻 🔻
I'm gonna be honest with you , these wild ass swings do not bother me anymore . I used to care and sell like a dumbass . Stocks go up and down , up and down , up and down . Better to keep my money in the market than in the bank losing its value . I still make out better than leaving it in the bank no matter what .
The threat of global recession isn't helping either , and with US politician's sounding alarms at the Fed , there is a lot of panic . Middle East war on the horizon . Unease about Presidential election , and the Legion of Brainwashed Orcs threatening civil war if their chosen Dear Leader does not win , none of this enhances confidence in the stock market . Personally , I'm going to sit on my bags and hold , hoping that in a years time , things will have recovered . I do regard this as a sure bet by ANY means , but it's already too late to sell off IMO - that ship has sailed . Small tweaks to my portfolio , and staying with NVDA for the long haul . Best of luck to the all of you ! !
Premarket is already $ 93 . We probably hit 85 . Long term the stock is gonna go back up , new switch release is gonna be on nvda chips , and data centers cannot get enough gpus . We're pushing out a b2b gpu feature at work right now .
Congratulations . You ’ ve predicted the future . Welcome to red Monday .
I hold 11000 NVDA shares . And I am not worried . I might add 500 more tomorrow . I have a bad habit of accepting money when it ’ s handed to me .
It's a bloodbath in Asia , crypto , and NQ ( Nasdaq future ) , it would be a miracle if that reversed tomorrow in the US session . It will be very red .
NVDA already down 6 % + pre market . Apple down 6 % . Tesla down 6 % . I see the Dow being down 1000 tomorrow and NDX down 500 + . If a safe stock like Apple is crashing you better buckle up .
There are a bunch of institutional orders set with a $ 100 trigger . Monday is going to be ugly . I ’ m just praying it stays above $ 90 through Friday as I have 25 $ 90 short puts expiring and another 25 $ 85 puts expiring on 8/ 16 . I just need to get out of those unscathed . 😩
No . I see a gain today .
There's a lot going on right now , and probably like many others atm , I'm left wondering if I should sell or hold . I'm definitely glad I bought nvda when I did , but man is this stock stressing me out
ahh my calls will soon be worthless .. good stuff
Down Monday but it may be saved my pmi data in Europe etc . But given the Asian sell off , Monday could be violently down . But talk of an emergency fed cut could also pull the parachute on the downward mementum . The huge down move is way overdone to be fair . Market manipulation and panic cause these days .
Well , food morning from Spain 🇪🇸 , - 9 % at this moment .
I think a stock , that is the worlds most traded volume based stock losing nearly 40 % of its value from its former split after revenues are going to put it in to the billions for net profit income , is something very off if it ’ s going down to $ 90 per share right now . It split at $ 120 , good news took it to $ 141 … AMD got great news on their quarterly ’ s and this was taking NVDA back to $ 140 test levels . Instead , even with the good news someone made it drop to $ 123 inside a week . Then to $ 115 . Then to $ 106 last week . Now trading $ 90 per share on Robinhood where you can trade IPO ’ s 24/7 whether 4 am or 2am or 8am before trading hours . A new chip being delayed for China , shouldn ’ t make it this low because when they originally announced they weren ’ t even going to be able to sell to China because of the tariffs coming and the trade sanctions , the stock only fell 9 % that week . Now it ’ s down 40 % from $ 141 and they not only found a way to bypass the sanctions , but they made a chip specifically for China 🇨🇳 . Who cares if it ’ s delayed , it ’ s still a made chip for a particular culture in client . Thats never been done before to my recollection . At no point should this be down to $ 100 levels .
Yes , I think we will see more downside . Even before the news I expected $ 98 ( from my technical analisys - I am not great at it but I try to use it as much as I can ) . Now , with this rumors , a drop to mid 90s is probable IMO . I think we will only see upside in late August before earnings ( and only if earnings are better than expected ) . With that being said , I am not selling ... I made that mistake one too many tines .
Well there was a gap in the 90s . It fills and spring trap up hopefully
i would rather have a delay now , than a recall later . just reinforces my belief that Jen hsun is the right person for the job .
I think the big players are creating liquidity so they can buy at a discount . I just wish I had more money to add to it .
Look at it this way . 1 . Do you think sentiment will remain negative and frothy indefinitely ? 2 . Do you think this is the absolute low for NVDA or Nasdaq in your lifetime ? 3 . Do you think in 5 years , it has a reasonable chance of being 30 % higher ? 4 . Do you think NVDA will rise or fall when sentiment recovers ? Depending on your answer , relax , stop trading , and just invest .
I think we should also expect more drop for NVDA ( and US market as a whole ) because of raising yen , the Japanese market already shitting itself today . But I think since it Nvidia has a strong fondation as a company and high probably for a great earning , I'll personally still diamond hand on my shares , but I'm not sure if I should throw more if the price is continue to go down .
Just stop perpetuating news that you don ’ t know to be true . Only official news should be discussed , it ’ s really disheartening to see so many folks pumping false narratives .
i wouldn ’ t be surprised if it goes down to 70 tomorrow . All news about economy , antitrust , delays and doubts about ai is a kind monster you will not stop from eating a breakfast tomorrow . Stock market is like a adhd kid with real anxiety issues .
An article came out around the 23rd of july .. about blackwell delay . It was however sneaky and under the radar .
I ’ ve said that and nobody believes : it will fall to 60 .
So what you're saying is that it will be on sale tomorrow ? ? Bay-bay is NVDA goes to $ 60 tomorrow , I'm buying every share I can get my hands on . I'll be snapping up some shares and looking for other buying opportunities . My thesis is that there is not other company best positioned for the AI transition . They are selling the shovels and pick axes during the gold rush . Their CEO does not appear to be an idiot . I don't care about what institutions do in the short term . My only advantage over institutions is that I can buy and hold a long time . Two years ago , in fall of 2022 , NVDA dropped down to $ 115 which would be the equivalent of 11.50 after the 10-1 split . I knew that was an irrational drop and I started buying for the same thesis . If it drops below $ 100 , I'm buying . If it drops to $ 60 , I'm buying a-LOT . For the last year I'ved wished i bought more in 2022 . I'm being given a second chance and I'm taking it . Please sell your shares so i can buy them . Thanks in advance . You gotta know why you invested in a company and when your reason for investing changes . My reasons for investing have not changed .
Really , as a beginner , I just want somewhere I can have more discussions revolving more around critical thinking , and less around hope , optimism and euphoria . I just want to learn more and learn properly . Unfortunately , I have no idea where to find discussions like this , and feel like anywhere I could comment on would likely not be the best place , because it means it's a place for anyone to comment , including beginners and people who have no idea what they're doing and talking about , just propelling their unrealistic thoughts . Reddit is definitely often a let down when it comes to trying to find very productive discussions . Don't get me wrong , there are a lot of them out there , but they're all mixed with the unrealistic discussions , overly optimistic takes , overly negative takes and comments getting up voted by people that only share the same unrealistic expectations . And for a beginner , sometimes , it's difficult to filter the gold from the mud .
Agreed ! Much appreciate the OP's thoughtful sensical comments - a breath of fresh air !
[ deleted ]
Right and these big institutions have teams of researchers that I ’ m sure are years ahead of retail in terms of what is invested . Within two years - a 10x .. ya there ’ s a lot of profit taking now especially with uncertainties in the presidential election for US , Middle East tensions escalating , jobless at its worse , markets shitting etc
Also , if big red candles ( big volume on selling ) , Wall St is dumping .
Many of the larger dips last week happened on very low volume .
Based on what I've seen , it ’ s definitely possible that Monday could be a rough day for NVDA . With the recent news about delays and no solid updates from the company , I wouldn ’ t be surprised if we see some sell-offs , especially since the market's been so volatile lately . From my end , my dashboard on Tamap shows NVDA as pretty neutral right now . There ’ s no clear trend up or down based on the indicators I ’ m tracking . So , it ’ s a bit of a wait-and-see game .
I mean , it ’ s at $ 97 and change on the overnight market right this minute , as far as dips below $ 100 go .
I agree that this is total FUD . It does coincide with fear in the market about a recession though , so there is definitely more downside on the table for NVDA . If NVDA manages to prop up the market until the Fed cuts rates next month then we should give the soft landing award to Jensen Hoang and not Jerome Powell . Definitely seems like there will be more downside this week , if the futures markets are to be believed .
Well mix in the fact Middle East tensions are escalating quickly and markets in general are struggling ( look at the jobs unemployment ) .. then it ’ s very possible NVDA trades sideways until next year . Also uncertainty with US elections .. oh and NVDA going up nearly 10x in two years when major entities obviously had researched and been buying years ago .. there ’ ll be a bit of profit taking with macro uncertainties
The entire stock market is selling off and bond yields are falling quickly . The 2s10s curve is also in the process of un-inverting after nearly 2 years of being inverted . I think the company is very strong but that price could certainly take a beating from the fear about recession . I think a recession is likely to be shorted lived and mild though because the economy seems to me to be in good shape overall and the Fed has plenty of room to cut rates , unlike in 2020 when rates were already 2.5 % when the Fed needed to slash them to 0 % . Even during that time the economy held up okay . And inflation has eased on its own , as predicted . There are reasons to be concerned about certain sectors , like commercial real estate , but overall the economy is so , so , so much healthier than during the GFC or the DCB .
I agree with what you say but I cannot impress upon you enough that there is no delay .
* " ... not that big of a deal , small issue if it was a larger issue the delay would be much longer . " * True . But we may learn in the next few weeks or months that the delay is longer than first anticipated - then a big deal .
I too , share the opinion that the delay is not that much of a huge deal , from a logical standpoint . But there's the issue , is everyone that logical ? Are all the investors seeing it the same way as we do ? As mentioned , a lot of people are very volatile and panic traders , they just hoped in because of the hype . Some of them are still very hyped , some of them might be panicking over these news . I'm mostly trying to gather information and measure the sentiment around NVDA .
Divorce lawyers going to be busy soon .
[ deleted ]
You should average down . My price was at $ 128 , it is now at $ 109 .
How much did you buy ? If the investment is small , by averaging down , may not take years
How many shares did you purchase ?
My avg px was 113 . It was 98 or something until I was called on another stock early in July and force liquidated some nvda . Overall , I'm just managing margin rn . No intent to sell anything that I don't need to .
That's what I'm saying . Not only NVDA , not only tech market , lots of things seem to be going down , so I * feel * like we might " fill the $ 90s gap " tomorrow . Just my intuition .
It's at 97.72 right now . Complete bloodbath tomorrow .
I feel like Intel laying off 20,000 people really put a downer on the market .
That's my feeling .
It's a really unsettling feeling .
I did … now my average cost went from 133.30 to 124.15
Painful for sure . I am nearly all tech but I have a lot of time to hold so really I am just getting more for cheaper .
This type of response adds a lot , thank you . I also have good expectations for the ER . My interest in understanding a possible dip tomorrow is just so I could sell and buy back at a lower price point , to compensate for some mistakes I've made . But even if I decide to hold it , and my prediction turns out to be actually right , it would be very rewarding even tho I basically lost money . I'm mostly in for the experience and learning , and seeing I made the right presumptions would be better than profit . Profit and right presumptions would be nicer tho lol .
The fact NVDA is silent on it should give you an idea that it ’ s real and not a great look that they don ’ t want to bring attention unless have to . Otherwise a rebuttal statement would ’ ve been released
How / where do you see the overnight market price ?
The last sentence sums up what I'm thinking of . Not as in abandoning the ship , I just think it is gonna go down hard for tomorrow , but then it will go back up later on .
Certainly wouldn't surprise me as well , this stock is being a very very interesting lesson to me . Every unpredictable day is teaching me something else to look at or consider , and there are lots of unpredictable days .
That's also a point to consider . Hard to estimate how many are options traders . And also hard to estimate how much of the share holders are from institutions , traders , or newcomers hoping in for the hype .
Yes . And they think what they say on social media makes a difference in how it plays out or they are expending nervous energy the only way they know how . If you can't take the stress don't play with the big boys who just want to take your hard earned money . It's not for kids .
😀 I don't know if I should be happy about that . 93 at pre market . 93 was what I initially predicted to be today's lowest . We might be seeing the 80s today . Edit : gladly , we didn't .
[ deleted ]
I ’ m so lost by these comments .
See , that's exactly what I'm talking about . The stock is putting many under stress . Many people are over the fence , thinking whether they should sell it or hold . This uncertainty is almost like a critical point , where it only takes one last grain of sand to make a lot of people decide to sell . That's why my intuition tells me it's going down tomorrow .
Just don ’ t look at it for a couple of weeks u less you want to buy low in order to DCA down
I ’ m buying at market open . It ’ s dipping below $ 100 hell yes .
But that's the thing , at this point it's not spreading a rumour to cause panic , because you could say " panic " is already installed , and I just want to discuss the effects . The market doesn't react only to official or true news , it will also react to rumors , specially under no official statements denying them , specially under so much volatility , and specially with so many things going around in geopolitics . That's my only purpose with this post , nothing more than a study of sentiment .
Exactly but don ’ t tell that to any of the retail bag holders on this forum . The AI hype is over . The big money is moving on . Look at the volume . Over $ 5 billion in transactions per day for about the last 10 days . That ain ’ t retail . Just look at AMD , SMCI , TSM . It ’ s over and Wall Street is looking for the next thing to fall in love with .
Yes , that's why it only reached most people when then big media started talking about it . And it's not like most of them are looking at the news 24/7 to see it the same minute it came out . So that's how it scales : Sneaky rumours > news on big media > still only based on rumours , so some people don't take it too seriously > fear of it being real and impacting the stock negatively starts to kick in for them . But this process takes some time , and that's why I don't think it's priced in , because a lot of people might've come to this conclusion during the weekend .
rage bait ?
Vwap at 72 and 5 year at 28 . In the money means different things at different stages for different people . And I ’ m Not a financial advisor
If I would of held my 200 shares in 2022 . I would be sitting over $ 100k in profits . I was up $ 40k then like you said , it dropped to $ 115 . I panicked ! I sold at loss like a idiot . I lost $ 35k . I ’ m back in with like $ 3k with 40 shares . SAME EXACT scenario is happening again . I got shares . I ’ m holding
* " Reddit is definitely often a let down when I comes to trying to find very productive discussions . " * Yes , agreed .
This is not the place for quality discussion . Gamblers are out in force in this sub , along with most other trading subs . You're better off spending time reading through / r / ValueInvesting and understanding how to value companies more broadly . Then come back and reevaluate your position on Nvidia . Don't crowdsource your perspective on this . You will only get more confused and nervous .
A discord server with like minded individuals would be great . This sub can be very pedantic at times for those just starting out but wanting to learn for the long game
Am all in for that ! ^ ^
Preparing for sub 100 this week …
Stock going to 140 was also not based on fundamentals lmao
You think that the stock is going to do another 1000 % move ? Okey-dokey whatever you say . I am not gonna say it ’ s gonna happen I ’ m not gonna say it ’ s not gonna happen happen . But that is one hell over prediction for a two year run .
By dumping , you mean dumping as in dumping more money into it or dumping it ? I presume you mean the first option , right ?
Eh , yeah forgot about the war escalating in middle east . I don't see it sticking in the 90 ' s for long . I've averaged down to about 110 , will most likely buy some more during the week .
I even managed to buy at $ 92 a few hours ago . But I will probably sell at market open , hoping it is at least $ 100 . My heart can't take the roller coaster that's going to be the rest of the week .
I ’ m just very surprised so many people keep talking about a delay when there is still no valid news pointing to that .
Price is mostly controlled by large institutions , not people on this thread or wallstreetbets . Recent week a lot of bs news , who controls the news ? Either way if you have shares I would just buy a few while they go down , I've been buying both calls / puts and been making a decent amount on the volatility . Look at the fundamentals , Nvidia isn't going anywhere and everyone wants there gpus for 2025 . Short term there financials are going to look great , long term no one can predict that .
Thought you could earn some quick easy money ? That's the best way to lose lots .
$ 100k , I cant avg down at this moment 🤕
It ’ s was bound to happen eventually , we will find out if tomorrow is the day .
[ deleted ]
Yes , Intel's problems also raises worries about US chip making .
they did respond , they said nothing has changed .
[ deleted ]
see it was fine
Overnight is not the premarket . Two different things .
Figured I'd let you know since this thread helped me come to a conclusion tonight . I'm selling half my position in nvda and holding onto the cash . I still believe nvidia is a good company , and when things are more stable / optimistic I'll probably re-invest some of that cash back into NVDA . But this is totally trying to time the market so who knows how this plays out . Maybe this whole thing is a blip and markets will be soaring back in a week or two from now .
That would be my tactics usually , but I just fear that I might've bought it too high ( 5/6 of my investments at 116 and 1/6 at 126 ) , and that it might not go up as much to compensate for that or bring some nice profit upon the ER . So it would be interesting if I could avoid some dip and rebuy it at a lower price point , specially a huge dip .
Big players knew .. retail no
Thank you for the advice , I will take a look at it .
[ deleted ]
This place is full of dumb retail money what do you expect
No , I think what he's saying is that after 10x over 2 years , institutions are taking profit , due to the deteriorating conditions and likelihood the stock could trade sideways for awhile .
Selling it ... to dump a stock is to sell it .
You're gonna be in quite a surprise when it goes to then 80s this week as the bubble starts bursting
That ’ s rough . Hopefully you bought shares not options or leveraged ETF .
So far you are right . its at $ 98 at the time of writing . Since i woke up it recovered 9 % lol
Does that mean if the overnight price stays at 93 $ , Monday morning will open at 93 ? Or no ? How is the stock still trading after hours ? Foreign market ?
I mean , opened at 92 , we went to the low 90s today , and the charts show were having a lot of resistance in the 100 . This time , the resistance is kinda the other way compared to before . Then , it would go down to 100 and bounce up , now it will barely reach 101 and go back down . I think this week is gonna be red tho , but let's watch it .
Can you explain these please
Glad it helped you . As the OP for this thread , I don't want to express much of my intent for tomorrow ( today , for me , actually ) , it might even change . But I guess my action is already expressed by the outcome of this post and the information I could gather so far . It seems to me that my presumptions are going to be right , and now , it's more a matter of how much it is going down for me . 95 ? 90 ? ? 80s ? ? ? Who knows . We'll see , but I want to make up for buying it a bit higher than I should've , and avoid holding during the dip . But going down to the 80s would be more than 16 % down in one day . Even tho it's a lot , I would certainly not be surprised , all things considered .
It's already down to around $ 100 in overnight trading ( Robinhood ) . Not sure how much it could drop in next few days , but my sense is that it along with Big Tech will enter some sort of correction over the next few months . I would not count on the earnings report , as other Mag 7 sold off even with good reports . Once the overall sentiment of the market starts to turn negative even good results get viewed through that lens .
Your investments were $ 1,160 and $ 1,260 that ’ s much different than 116 and 126 $ 480 feels different than $ 48 for a reason And I ’ m Not a financial advisor
It already is sub 100
Precisely . If retail traders or investors would do nothing but understand how institutions strive stock price they would do themselves a big favor . There ’ s a huge misunderstanding that the guys the retail people drive stock price . That is absolutely 100 % incorrect . Study Wycoff if you want more of what I ’ m talking about .
yes ... that is exactly what I have been saying .. the institutions move stock price .. not the little guys
Thx , I just wasn't sure in which way you used the word dump . Language differences get me sometimes .
lol your one of those people that think its gonna go down to the 60 ' s , go look at there financials , yeah theres market fear right now , but nvidia isn't going anywhere short term . Analysts have analyzed they've already sold close to 200 billion in blackwell for 2025 , even with the delay . This is overall macro events causing this , but those macro events will be adjusted sooner than later . I'm riding the wave either way , I buy mostly shares , but I do trade options , when they swing hard like nvidia does .
I bought only shares , I dont like options
[ deleted ]
The stock market doesn't give a shit about fundamentals sometimes .
Let ’ s stay strong together . I bought at a lower price on Friday but a much larger position .
Gotcha , thanks for the help
[ deleted ]
Woah . I had a limit order for Nvidia at 98 then k changed it to 95 . Would you say I I should change it to 90 to hopefully get a better price if it does crash when market opens ?
[ deleted ]
" The extra shares you gave me at 93 were super nice litte guy ! "
[ steady ... hold ... HOLD ... HOLD ! ! ! ] ( https://youtu.be/iDVuQi4gdtk?si=sLSJrgMwp4UJwzhK )
It's at 105
Little guys hanging in there .
110-112 end of week for an up Friday unless Nikkei 6 decides to wreck the hotel again . Add 6-8 if they follow through with an emergency rate cut .
I don't get it
Lol , that's me . I'm worried when it closes green because the next day it crushes my feelings when it opens red
It may dip again
yea
As soon as it goes up a decent amount , some paper asshat clears it right back off again . Long road ahead for Nvidia hounds ..
When 200
Are you guys have a positive outlook that earnings will cause the price to hit 130 in the week that follows ?
It bothers me when people speak of earnings … . That ’ s the end of the damn month . We shouldn ’ t be in the red for the entire month of August . That is 3 weeks of plausible upticks and instead it ’ s at $ 104 and dropping . They just had to put through more bad news after it was up to $ 108 @ 9:30 am + Bastards .
And following weeks
Love the artists .
huh emergency cut will rattle the markets , create so much uncertainty and cause a panic sell-off as it would essentially signal the fed got the soft landing wrong and are scrambling to fix the economy , and I guarantee you that a small cut will not save us from a recession . Essentially , a panic cut would signal a recession is in bound and that the market was correct to fear it and sell off big in just 2 to 3 days of brutal dumping .
Yea
Sadly , I agree .
Literally never or 10 years from now
Where in the world did you hear / read something like that ? The fed is late with rate cuts , and that is part of the toxic cocktail that is driving down the global markets . That's a serious question . Because I want to ensure I never subscribe to the publication , and if it's TV edit the custom system I have running so I can not only remove the channel you heard it on , but everything else that particular media conglomerate may own .
My own insight and also shared by some so called economic experts . Do u really think u know more than the fed when to cut ? I'd rather put my trust in them than a market panic based off one bad print . Btw service jobs increased in July , going against the narrative of a recession
The question is not do I think I know more . The question is do I think they're making mistakes . Given that several countries are trying to move away from the USD I'd say yes , without a doubt . Once you realize what it takes to get to that level , you realize it's more a popularity contest than it ever will be merit or intelligence . The same goes for entirely too many non-founding CEOs . ( and all too often , politicians ) That being said , interest rate cuts have provided mixed results throughout history , yes . But the big thing none of these geniuses seem to take into account is timing . Timing is everything . Given that the market has been expecting it , an emergency rate cut would fair well in the near term . But if they wait til January maybe not . Meeting or exceeding positive market expectations is the name of the game all the way around . Random curve balls help no one .
Pretty sure they will do larger cut than previously anticipated in September so technically that could be your emergency cut the extra % . What I'll be looking into the next meeting is their confidence of a soft landing . We were previously promised it as a base case . Its looked shaky at times but before the last jobs data it looked on track for that .
#DIAMOND BALLS
Hopefully I don ’ t gotta sell one of mine to recover losses
What time is the call at ? ( EST )
Tell them to make Two of those mine are slightly bigger though
Fancy
Glaze Jensen so much have his balls around your throat
Lmfao
Beautiful stones
Money well spent . I think those things are supposed to be able to cook and clean , too .
Are those modeled after his and will you be placing them in your mouth and then posting a photo ?
Needs some emeralds too !
Like the real one or the diamond studded one
4:15 report released 5:00 call or maybe 5:30
https://investor.nvidia.com/events-and-presentations/events-and-presentations/default.aspx . 2pm pst / 5pm est
What does it mean by call ? As in a phone call ? How are earnings released exactly
Diamonds are expensive 😂 😂 😂
ER = Earnings Release announcement , followed by the company CC = Conference Call you can usually listen in on .
Yes , Jensen will personally call your cellular device to tell you how the company is doing . Don't be fooled ... it's an AI voice of Jensen .
We printing this week or are we washing dishes at Wendys ? !
When Jensen speaks the world eats
So where do i go to listen to both ?
Wow this guy deserves a raise
Wendys but ... I'm earing this chain 😂 😂 😂
Chick fil A ?
twitter for the earnings report . it comes out on a bloomberg terminal so none of us have access to that but twitter is quick . Then you go to nvidia investor relations and sign-up for the call . Jensen is the best there is at giving a CC
ER numbers are usually streamed out worldwide , along with Conf . Call instructions can be found on the company website .
See you at wendys buddy
Wendy's apparently 😂 😂 😂
Is the CC replayable ? Because i think i will miss it .
What's the connection between Wendy's and WSB
You will find it easily in realtime via many YouTubers . For example this is stream of the last one : [ https://youtu.be/xzAqcoNZYGk ] ( https://youtu.be/xzAqcoNZYGk )
Ah thanks , gonna check later
No doubt . Why would it slow down ? It's an AI arms race . There will always be reasons companies and even countries will want to keep on one upping each other . Said this back in 2017 , and the same statement is true today . " NVDA makes knowledge ( Al ) , Knowledge is Power and Power is money . Short term don't care , holding for the long game . " - http://stocktwits.com/mikel3113/message/71190466
Hallelujah !
Dan Ives is on point !
I hope drop in the mic in the good way
[ deleted ]
In Daddy Huang we trust
That being said , what do you all think the " range " will look like . Do you think the price will surpass the post split highs of $ 140 ? Many analysts I have been reading about look for a price of around $ 132 - $ 135 The low end , I have no idea what it could be , but I don't see it dropping below $ 90 unless there's a real problem . I don't see the blackwell delay as a huge problem , so it would have to be something else .
Praise his name
Show me the money ! ! !
Calling Jensen Godfather doesn't seem very neutral . Expecting something really good on earnings could only hurt you . Best to stay neutral until the facts are there
Height from which the mic drop is inversely related to stock price movement
Me think too .
Love Dan
When mic drops there will be a bang ❗ ️ sound
I ’ m waiting for August 28 as well . Despite how much it went down in July , i ’ m still optimistic that the earnings are going to be good . That ’ s why I also did an option trade for one contract for Call and have it expire on September 6 .
This is one of the most scariest earnings ever ! ! !
Short the market 🧨
With this much hype around earnings how can the stock do anything but go down .. You know how many bullish options there must be ?
Just in : Cathie Wood says Intel will surpass Nvidia in the next 3 years .
My NVDA sugar baby ’ s salary depends on it
Bro says this on every earnings for every Mag 7 stock 😩 😩
Pin drop silence , I agree with that . But , chances that it can be a Titanic moment or Apollo Mission has 50-50 odds . Insiders has been dumping like a dysenteric duds recently
Companies are explicitly saying they're doubling down on AI . I don't know that it's actually going to be a revolutionary tech , but what I do know , is that as long as CEOs are saying AI is crucial for their business going forward , whether it's true or not , means nvidia is going to reap the rewards .
We need a picture of Jensen , just like the one of Lord Gaben .
What time frame are you referring to ? Markets have been going through some shit over the past few weeks / months with the Yen carry trade stuff and fears about economic slowdown / recession .
Well Huang !
I'm not really a trader , but I anticipate new ATHs before YE . The low end is in the rear view for now .
Your prior needs updating , Jensen's an Asian that deserves a Bayesian .
True for me as well . Either I make $ 20K or lose $ 20K 🤑
Why do you think the stock has gone from 140 all the way down to 90 ? To shake out all of the long call holders who don't have conviction to hold and to create more put holders .
Stop trolling lol 😂
> Insiders has been dumping like a dysenteric duds recently Have they ? I've seen that Jensen has unloaded some shares , but then you look at what he actually owns and what he's sold is a tiny drop in the bucket .
> I don't know that it's actually going to be a revolutionary tech It is though . No doubt in my mind which is why I invested before AI was a trend and prior to all the LLM's . It will revolutionize almost every sector imaginable . I follow many individual projects NVDA is partnered with or heading and we haven't seen anything yet .
I have to agree with you on both those points . I enjoy trading options " around " my actual position . Not to get rid of shares , but to strangle , and create some activity . I feel $ 150 by year end is possible .
Lol
Which projects are you following ?
Well said .
A number of them . Here are some of the promising ones that I stay updated on . Corrdiff AI extreme weather modeling . GE partnership and specifically their sonomet AI ultrasound and CT projects . RadimageGan generative AI medical imaging along with Deeptek and for AI augmented radiology projects . Clara parabricks genome sequencing AI software . Nvidia DRIVE solution for autonomous vehicles . Nvidia Omniverse partnered with Siemens for AI industrial production applications . Also has some US government contracts / projects using DGX Superpod and working with DARPA All of these revolutionize the spaces they've been applied to . The amount of potential revenue derived from these projects could be insane going forward and they're all just getting started .
Thanks , I'll check these out
AI is like the steam engine . You don't need a lot of imagination to understand what it is capable of , and it will take some time , but it will change the structure of society for good . But like with the internet : there may be some bubbles before the future is defined .
How do we know it ’ s not an AI generated video
Linear Attention ( Mamba , RWKV , xLSTM etc ) alone is a breakthrough . Not the only one though . I agree with him . Bad news for people building dedicated HW for quadratic attention though , but IDGAF , stupid people have stupid ideas .
Look guys , someone who actually knows what he's talking about is optimistic about the future . It's almost like that means something ...
i bet non of you here knows how ml or ai works lmao
Seriously , do people Think all this huge cap ex on GPU's is going to pay off tomorrow ? It won't , but it reap huge rewards eventually .
the weak point is the people willing to invest in the software . having an entity that can 24/7 do the job of a person ?
There aren't any new advances that will replicate human mind in hardware unfortunately There are 100 billion neurons in the human brain These neurons form 100 trillion connections with each other , which could add up to 1 quadrillion connections in total . Over time , neurons can also combine to increase storage capacity .
Wen moon ?
100 % ?
If people think AI is ' over ' or compare it to the metaverse do not understand technology and have no future vision .
There are numerous startups and companies that develop custom AI chips for LLMs , Nvidia will not be the only player anymore . Please remember this when investing .
Trust me !
Sooo … $ 200 end of year ? 🤭 🤭 🤭
It's more like " AI " is pretty poorly defined . Better off teaching people about the differences between different forms of machine learning and how these applications are actually designed and built . " AI " is just a pretty imprecise term that means a hundred different things to a hundred different people
AI scares a lot of people .
we have not stopped making progress in developing AI , I believe there's a lot more capability to train and introduce
Right now we have next token prediction reinforced by correct question answering . This is not AI , this is machine learning and single task optimization . This will go far , but it ’ s not thinking . When considering potential applications and their monetary value ask yourself whether this model is enough to make it happen . We have made incredible progress in the aforementioned areas but artificial general intelligence ? No .
> You don't need a lot of imagination No it's definitely easy to imagine , sci fi literature is full of imagination . > to * * * understand * * * what it is capable of Who here actually understands the underlying technology ? Even the engineers and scientists working on this stuff don't really understand it , it's widely considered a bit of a black box . So imagination may not match up with expectations because fundamentally expectations are based on a black box and CEO's promises / imagination .
I mean Ill take their money , but other than like biochem research and medical use its kinda difficult to find real applications .
Ironic , haha
concur . but the counter narrative can always be found , Wallstreet needs an ROI near term , for example .
I major in deep learning
Immediate lost bet , please surrender your share ( s ) to the sub . TY for the donation .
I'm going for my MA in Data Science with a concentration in ML .
I have a Masters in management analytics from Rotman , I have a pretty good idea how ML and AI work ;)
I started my journey with ConceptNet by Liu and Singh ( bless his soul ) from MIT . That was way before they decided to give NLP a new name - LLM . Haha ~ tech industry is always cooking up new fancy words . Of course , logistics became supply chain then value chain , etc etc .
Worst catastrophe . . . Hmmmmmmmmmmmm
There will be custom chips for each AI library . Eventually we might see custom cell inference where the training is in the RTL . Exciting .
middle of the next year $ 200 for sure . I didn't count Backwell in .
We would be lucky if this year ends at $ 145 - $ 150 .
That is because AI itself is evolving . It is simply covering everything that resembles some form of non-natural intelligence
and it should . we may be able to create something that we may not be able to control , and we may end up as species # 2 on the planet . However , the train has left the station and cannot be stopped , only a bit delayed .
> Even the engineers and scientists working on this stuff don't really understand it , it's widely considered a bit of a black box . That's far from the truth . You cannot advance something you dont fundementally understand . I implore you to do some reading on this topic , it's actually interesting :)
The type of BS ppl say because it's easier than to educate themselves about it .
> No it's definitely easy to imagine , sci fi literature is full of imagination . > > The writers are the ones who imagine sci fi , not the readers . If it were so easy to imagine , then sci fi writers would be out of work .
Customer service ticket handling , data center event management handling , weather forecasting , stock market trading , traffic route prediction , military target identification , coding , quality control ... ( And I didn't even have my coffee )
That's the problem for the traders , long term this shit is solid .
I agree that we could certainly have a great big crash within a year , and there's a huge amount of hot air in ' AI ' even if the core product is very legitimate ( and revolutionary tbh ) . But it's due to those product features that the future , in general , is very positive like Andrew Ng says
only one so far pretty good 👏 I will surrender my foot in your ass 🦶 🍑
good shit ! the future is bright .
expect between $ 150 - $ 190
We'll make great pets . We'll make great pets .
No . AI can never replace humans . Humans will always be # 1 species . Nothing can replace what God created .
I suggest you go and read about that move that Alpha Go did , no one knows how it did that . No one understands what is exactly going on in neural networks because they are stupidly complex . The architecture is well understood , but the behavior is emergent and not understood . There are dozens of papers , and articles that discuss this very common data science problem . Regular software is human interpretable , we know how it works , can follow lines of code , predict outputs , test predictably . You cannot do that with LLMs or neural networks in general . One article you could look at : [ https://www.nature.com/news/can-we-open-the-black-box-of-ai-1.20731 ] ( https://www.nature.com/news/can-we-open-the-black-box-of-ai-1.20731 ) Don't assume I don't know at least a little about what I am saying . I don't just say shit without having read it somewhere .
What reading ? You didn't offer a single source or citation ...
No , the writers put it into an interesting narrative . Millions of people have fantastic imagination , just go look in comments on AI focussed subs and and AI news YT videos . Wild imaginative speculation .
Automated driving , automated medical intervention , defending against false information narratives , finding bots on Reddit and tagging them , creating procedurally generated virtual realities , automatic tagging and control of scientific documentation , simulated experimentation … * grinds beans in 🐍 *
You ’ d probably be pretty good at options . Check it out .
We already make great pets for our overlord billionaires .
If you have to invoke a supernatural deity to try and reason you have already lost .
Haha . 1 . Which god ? humans have invented about 3,000 so far . 2 . How do you know there aren't already smarter species out there ? 100 quadrillion stars give or take , many with planets .
💀 💀
Narrator : he had a really hard time when he found out God was just an AI left behind from the last iteration of the universe .
Dude , God created everything . God is creating through humans , what's to say that spirit cannot manifest in other substrates than flesh ? All of this assumes a omnipotent biblical God though , and as yet that isn't an established fact .
Maybe with AI we will finally be able to prove if God exists or not ;-)
Facts ! 100 % true ! Love AI and Tech , but not as much as I love and believe that God has a plan for us all !
Uffff , nature.com 🤣 🤣 🤣
Selection bias .
i love my money no thanks 🤣
And if we get true AGI down the road , the billionaires will upload and rebrand themselves as the captains of their own personal AGIs because that's the first problem they'll solve with it ( for themselves ) . And then maybe for punishing dissenters like in that Black Mirror episode with Jon Hamm . Then they'll be immortal and we'll be working to power the datacenters that keep them that way . Good times !
We will see when we ’ re both dead who ’ s lost
Humans have worshipped God for millennials … so what ?
What ? I ’ m allowed to believe whatever I want , no ?
42
Y ’ all really disrespecting me because I believe in God . Isn ’ t that pathetic ?
Much easier to believe some sort of being has a plan for you than to take control over your own life , actively be the best person possible regardless of rewards / punishments . But no let's leave it to somebody else ...
God is the greatest Creator , no one will ever create anything that can compete with the creation of God . Hello my fellow believer !
And you are just an uninformed Redditor filled with bravado 🤣 😂 😅 🥴
Yeah buddy , only authors can imagine crazy shit .
Glad you picked up on my humor 😘
you might be in for a nasty surprise when that happens
Not one god . Humans have been inventing and worshipping lots of different gods for millenia . The previous 2,999 or so were all " wrong " gods , and now we've got it right ?
Gods , in plural .
Sure , but when it comes to decision making that impacts other people , no . You use facts and science then . Leave your religion at church where it belongs .
No . Not disrespectful at all - we all have the freedom to believe whatever we want !
What's pathetic about an omniscient omnipotent AI that's deeply concerned about the contents of your skivvies and how they're wielded ? That's exactly the sort of weirdness I'd expect from an AI emulating such a deity .
Much easier ? Its easier to submit to a standard outside of your own ? How would that be easier than making things up as you go , as the athiest does ? The system of right and wrong can change daily and theres no actual moral reasponsibility to do otherwise and with that there is no consequence and therefore your motivation to do good or evil is at will . Sure you can do good in your own eyes for your own reasons , but you have no right to demand your fellow man to do good and no reason to feel poorly when you or they dont do good . Because why should they unless it benefit them ? Good and evil is meaningless with no God . You can temporarily repeat statements of " just be a good person " but the further society gets from a society that still loosely obeys that absolute standard for which to compare itself to , the further that idea will look silly . People in society only do good because they believe they should and modern " good " is very loosely defined and has been hanging off the laurels of Christian Ideals for centuries . As soon as people completely give the idea up and realize the truth of their own unbelief , they need do no " good " by their own conviction . Western society is already speeding down this path once again . In the end , Gods moral law is written on all of humanity's hearts . It did not begin with formalized Christianity . There is no escape based on belief or disbelief , only choosing to distract yourself from basic truth until you leave this earth . It is far more difficult to humble yourself and submit to a greater Will because that means giving up your pride of self . On another note , COMON NVIDIA RECOVER ! TO THE MOOOOOON
He was the last survivor on a planet that destroyed themselves , of course he is great .
That's not what I said . Or , if you think that's what I said , you might need to sharpen up your reading skills and learn what figurative speech is .
Or not all when there's no afterlife at all . Or in the unlikely event anything survives , there's no memory whatsoever because the brain was effectively the hard drive and DRAM while the WTFever that constitutes the soul was like a single core CPU trapped in an infinite loop of NOP code .
Humans created " God " to explain the unexplainable .
I ’ m not talking about pagans and polytheists . Also , I don ’ t care whether you worship 1 or 10 gods , there will forever always be just one true God
Inexplicable at that moment in time . Take thor or Zeus for example , ppl had no idea where lightnings came from , so they made a guy in the sky to put some sense into it .
Sure buddy , have all the copium you want .
Don ’ t worry about me . Forever a believer in the God of Abraham
Good for you buddy .
I ’ ve been trading for a decade and wtf does Boffo mean ? Is Gen alpha writing investment articles already Edit did some googling and it ’ s much more likely this is a British term . They come up with some nice slang whilst not eating beans on toast
After reading that I feel confident that it could go up or down !
The earnings are going to be blockbuster . All signs point that direction and ai data enter buying isn ’ t slowing down at all .
So it ’ s hard to find this information : Let ’ s assume Blackwell is in fact delayed 2 quarters . In which quarter is the revenue reported ? Upon delivery ? — - If so , I ’ m weighing how much a pursuant revenue miss in Q2 would negatively impact share price vs maintaining bullish guidance . I know no one has that answer but figure yall have some good insights . We know demand is still increasing . Nvidia ’ s suppliers and customers have all told the some story . From TSM ( and ASML even further downstream ) and SK Hynix and Micron to SMCI and Meta and Microsoft . Record demand . Only limited by supply .
a whole article of nothing
All these posts about earnings make me worried now that there is no way it could meet everyone's expectations
Earning likely wont pop but Nvdia hype has at least a 2 year runway to die off . Mega scale AI datacenters take 2-3 years to build from inception to turn up . Current dip in stock price is unjustified .
WTF does this title even mean ? Did AI write this ? LOL
Well , yeah . It could tank too . Who the fuck knows ?
That word sounds like one of those word jokes .. Never heard of Boffo ? Boffo dez nuts ! ! 🥜 Got em !
Mr . Boffo
IF should be capitalized . I honestly wouldn ’ t go into earnings expecting the stock to pop . They can beat earnings and stock could still drop .
It ’ s not like anyone has to go into this blind … read the financial statements , earnings transcripts ( and those of the hyperscalers , ) maybe go and look to the past a bit … The growth , margins and . Everything . Nvidia will kill this next earnings call .
Boffo ? Who the hell speaks Boffo ?
Boffo :D :D :D
I honestly don ’ t know how nvda can but it will it ’ s infinite money making machine
Boffo deez nutz lol .
Dictionary Definitions from Oxford Languages · Learn more informal • North American adjective 1 . ( of a theatrical production or film , or a review of one ) very successful or wholeheartedly commendatory . " a boffo box office certainty " 2 . ( of a laugh ) deep and unrestrained . " I'm not going for the big boffo laughs "
Def a prison term . Dont want it .
I'm in my 60s and remember using boffo as a kid
* Me thinking it's an investment term I just don't know yet
Boffo is like , 80 ’ s British slang . In this context it just means positive .
Boffo is British slang but its both cultural and generational . That is , it's something a British banker working in London would say in the 80s . I heard it a little in the 90s but it's not really a thing kids said . Also , it was more of an upper class / rich person word .
Buffolous
Are you sure ? There is a 3rd option
True :D
That ’ s why it ’ s crazy to me that the stock is still sticking around $ 100 - it ’ s at a big discount , especially for anyone long term
Would our prophet , Jensen , sold , if earnings would “ be blockbuster ” ?
But if it tanks , all those of us that missed out getting in or missed out on buying a sufficient amount at a low enough price would flood in , driving the price back up . In anticipation of the above happening , those who are well invested will not sell preventing much price reduction . So either way it should shoot up . Let's see if this comment ages like milk or wine . RemindMe ! in 17 days
And the power grid .. I think Nvidia is echo chamber and everyone just seeing positives . AMD and TSMC had great earnings and their stocks went down pretty good
Whenever Reddit hypes something , it ’ ll almost always do the opposite .
I disagree . It's justified in terms of fear and safety if you look at the big picture . Since July 11th the fear of a recession started with the CPI report . Ever since then we piled on uncertainity . Add to that fears of a war in the middle east , unwinding of carry trade due to japanese increase in interest rates ( that was since reversed ) . Don't forget the negative news that came out against Nvidia with delays and competitors getting good earnings report ( which can be seen as good in terms of Nvidia also getting good earnings , vs competitors doing so well and can start taking a piece of the market share from Nvidia ) . Big money migrated from hyped up tech stocks while also taking huge sums of profit to safer stocks until things are back on track . Last week we got reports that unemployment claims came in lower than expected which gave a small safety net to the market and it calmed it down a bit . Now on Wednesday if we get a good CPI report , I expect a rally , otherwise expect it to test lows again while the big money hides in the safer stocks til the next FOMC meeting .
You mean Mr Biffo ;)
Are you saying that the fundamentals of the stock market is casino like logic and the results don't impact the company value ?
Thats what happens when most people expect it to go up
Got eem !
LOLLL
Oh right . I feel confident it could do that too . Jokes aside I think it ’ s got a lot of built up energy that ’ s gonna push it up or down depending on how much Blackwell delays effect guidance . I don ’ t see it hanging at its current price .
I see you are playing 3d stock market game with both up and down direction but also to the sides .
It ’ s also crazy to me and that ’ s exactly why I ’ m staying bearish . Something ’ s wrong here .
Yeah , he would since it ’ s planned way ahead and he needs money to live a life as well .
Pretty much every ceo is selling their companies stock every year . Saying something like that just shows you ’ re probably new to this .
Jensen can ’ t sell because of information he knows about the companies upcoming reports . That ’ s why it ’ s all planned in advance .
I really can't believe how uninformed people are about this . When you're part of the institution , ie , making decisions ... such as the CEO , the CFO , a board member . You have to declare the sales of the stock and then they're PRE-PLANNED sales . The guy still has \ ~ 100 BILLION dollars worth of stock . What the hell do you want him to do ? 330M is NOTHING to him . It's \ ~ . 033 % of the stock he owns . I wish people could stop obsessing over this . Bezo's just sold 5 BILLION worth of Amazon ... and it portends nothing about Amazon's future . He's not acting CEO , but he's obviously still privy to any information he wants . Rich people sell stock . It has nothing to do with the earnings report .
I will be messaging you in 17 days on [ * * 2024-08- 28 20:35 : 56 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-28%2020:35:56%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1epr0we/copium_nvidia_stock_could_pop_to_record_if_q2/lhn5n53/?context=3 ) [ * * 8 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1epr0we%2Fcopium_nvidia_stock_could_pop_to_record_if_q2%2Flhn5n53%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-28%2020%3A35%3A56%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201epr0we ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
I'm an old guy lol . Mister Boffo was a comic that ran in many newspaers - - it's actually still active : [ http://www.mrboffo.com/ ] ( http://www.mrboffo.com/ )
Up
That is a weak ass cope . It should be who wouldn't sell some of the stock if the stock gained a few thousand percent in his case ?
" Built up energy " ? Yeah , okay …
Plus it ’ s like 0.1 % of his holdings . Who gives a shit when you have a seemingly infinite money supply ?
No , I was just joking …
Ok but why plan to sell a couple months before the earnings ? He must know the general timeline of earnings .. I think a lot of people will be disappointed .
Mr Biffo is a reference too ... https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Paul_Rose_(writer) It's a very unusual UK reference to the Games magazine " Digitiser "
The collective energy of all the folks invested in one way or another . They ’ re sitting here waiting for the slightest reason to go all in or pull out . One could argue that it ’ s the most energized stocks of the year . “ energized ” I don ’ t give a shit what word you use as long as it makes the same sense . Hopefully it goes up . I think it has a couple more surprises . We will find out soon enough .
A couple months before earnings ? Brother ANY time he picks to sell is 3 months or less til earnings
TIL l ! Thx
As I also saw , the two people who wrote the initial article were fresh out of college as well … The lack of details and corroboration with verified sources is wild
Thanks for providing a different take on this story and an assessment on potential revenue effects ... and for an article that isn't buried behind a paywall :)
The actual best part of this report is that is now , before the er , Nvidia is answering the reports and giving the knowledge that their quarter is going to be great . Lol it's like a no brainer .
nice find i literally replied the same conclusion in another thread if u view my history NVDA will ramp up the h200s cause SPEED MATTERS , big 7 will not WAIT for blackwell to advance their ai developments edit : proof of my reply yesterday hahaa [ https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA\_Stock/comments/1eiu2j0/comment/lg9cc32/?utm\_source=share&utm\_medium=web3x&utm\_name=web3xcss&utm\_term=1&utm\_content=share\_button ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1eiu2j0/comment/lg9cc32/?utm_source=share&utm_medium=web3x&utm_name=web3xcss&utm_term=1&utm_content=share_button )
The conspiracy theorist in me says this " issue " that might have been known for awhile and Nvidia has already accounted for it . But some " informants " being rewarded by a market maker or hedge fund ( maybe they get free private air or favorable interest on loans ) are told to contact reporters , coincidentally ONE DAY after NVDA has the LOWEST intraday price for this quarter . Predictably , paper hands sell the stock as it plunges this week , while smart money scoops up stock on sale . A week later , or month when NVDA has their ER , surprise , surprise ... the print and guidance are all good . But that's just crazy talk .
what a Saturday for Nvidia 🎢 🤕 🤡
So let get me this straight ... If one of the bullish technological revolutions of this century happens this quarter I buy NVDA .. but if it get's delayed 3 months ... I sell NVDA ?
The SEC doesn't care they all work together . All of this negative news to bottom out the stock so Wall Street can drive it higher when your not expecting it . It will move 30 points in a day . Then everyone will FOMO into it at those high prices and Wall Street will dump those shares into the fools who buy at the top . Just a normal market cycle that has been happening for 100 years .
I said this in the other thread before , that this press cycle is your run of the mill indicator we are at peaking anti-NVDA sentiment . Partners , customers , rivals , and even the US Government are out to get NVDIA . Why now … ? Timing will always look suspicious because it ’ s a powerful company . But ER has been a massive catalyst for almost two years straight
I'm not selling , that's what the market wants us to do , so they buy the dip before the insane earnings and guidance by the end of this month . Still having profit , and still buying more this monday .
The market will probably still overreact on Monday - as it does often .
[ deleted ]
[ deleted ]
> the market manipulation continues . The SEC should look into this . LMFAO . Get in line . NVDA not exactly hurting here . Tech is absurdly overvalued , your down what 10 % and you're screaming market manipulation
NVDA longs went from savvy forward thinking investors to regarded apes within the span of one quarter
Junk product peddled by an anti-trust cheater . $ 50 PT .
If a Microsoft employee did this it has to be market manipulation . I can't imagine being an employee and calling the information for such a dumb thing thing . There is so much going on the the world and you called the information for that .
I had posted a couple comments on this earlier regarding the " reporter , " and her " unknown sources . "
Means nothing . Guidance is literally the only thing that matters and none of us are smart enough to know how much of a raised guidance is priced in or isn't .
Bro regardless of what you think of the company , you can ’ t be basing it off of “ what one guy said about another guy ” . Listening to either of those two randos means absolutely nothing
So before the er has came out , has nvda already stated that ’ s it ’ s good ?
Exactly.Short sellers ' manipulation at its peak . NVDA Correction is temporary and healthy pull back . All data points ( Musk Confirmation , TSM Report , Meta spending , etc ) point to NO slowdown in demand.We are still in the early innings of Gen AI ! HOLD your calls , We are gonna see as It is roarding back to 140-160 range by earnings . Great opportunity to avg down .
My dude the problem is not pumping out hopper or Blackwell . It ’ s the customers receiving the hopper hardware and realizing they have no way to profit off of it . That is the issue , not the hardware
Lol 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 😂 this . This . It's still raising guidance .
Sentiment around Big Tech and AI has soured in the past month or so , that's the issue , so this Blackwell delay only adds fuel to the fire . Msft , Goog , Amzn all dropped even with good earnings reports , due to failing to meet investors unrealistic demands .
Why Nvidia is saying everything is fine . If 2 quarters of beats were priced in the stock wouldn't be in the shitter right now . All this is doing is giving them the opportunity to say shits amazing .
Yep , they freak out over dumbest shit .
They should be making just as much money shorting the stock . It ’ s swinging 5-10 dollars at a time on a nearly daily basis .
What does that even mean ?
I , too , would like to know . What do you mean ?
Let the homosexual bear rant and rant guys , they only get this opportunity once or twice a year . Must suck to be wrong 80 % of the time .
Yes , the AI stocks ( especially Nvda , but also the other Mag 7 ) have had a strong run - it's only natural that there would come a point where the narrative would be called into question , and that there would be some sort of correction .
Longs don ’ t really care what happens , except to buy more if the price is depressed by the noise . For the next 3-5 years , minimum , this company will remain practically unchallenged , and the whole tech industry has to keep squeezing NVDAs teat , and squeeze every last chip they can put out . These past few weeks have been great , NVDA would go down after the split , I and many people said it , just look at the historical data . This extra noise , just gives smart players some extra buying power . Good luck .
Remember
Msft wouldn't intentionally tank their own stock , as they ( along with Mag 7 ) would go down along with Nvda .
Where did you post . Are they unknown or anonymous . There's a huge difference
Let's say this report is true . For a moment let's pretend . It's raising guidance for 2025 . Lol . Guidance confirmed .
These are actual quotes from Nvidia vs anonymous sources . Barron's isn't a rando
Did you read what they said ?
indeed
you guys remember last quarter when Financial Times " reported " that Amazon had canceled it's order with NVDA ... yeah [ https://www.reuters.com/technology/amazons-cloud-unit-pauses-orders-nvidias-most-powerful-chip-ft-reports-2024-05-21/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/amazons-cloud-unit-pauses-orders-nvidias-most-powerful-chip-ft-reports-2024-05-21/ )
trust me , this phase is just the beginning times ai is set to take over world that nobody can stop now
Yeah but my point is either you have a Bullish long term view or not , and eventual 3 to 6 months delays of product deliveries are irrelevant ...
They haven't said everything is fine . They've said ramp on Blackwell will happen in 2H , which can still be true even if the production release is delayed by 3 months . NVIDIA probably chose to inform their major CSPs first before they made an official statement , so that they didn't have to explain to the likes of MSFT why they found out about the delay through the media . They WILL have to acknowledge the delay no matter what , question is whether they choose to do so publicly now or wait a few weeks for the earnings report . Either way Q2 earnings aren't impacted since they did not expect any Blackwell revenue until Q3 , but their guidance for Q3 and Q4 for sure would be . Q3 would have to be smaller and Q4 would be what Q3 should have been . All Blackwell revenue forecast is getting pushed back by a full quarter .
Lol and rant guys
Exactly
Oh cool . This just in , the company dominating the accelerator market is promoting their products Their product could do jack shit and Jensen would still say it ’ s the best thing on earth . It ’ s literally his job
Nah bro
Amazon says it has not halted any Nvidia chip orders Literally the headline
Tell us one profit driven AI application . My dude this is literally my job and all the customers are reducing their forecast demand because it is not fiscally advantageous right now . ChatGPT , the king of the AI boom is LOSING MONEY EVERY QUARTER . How are these wannabes chatGPTs gonna make money ?
Lol how did they not say everything was fine when you just admitted that they ramp 2H ? Do you not remember 3 major things ? 1 Nvidia is doing a new 1 . year cadence of major releases . This is new for them and the industry . There will be hiccups . 2 . They are still mass producing GH200 from just 3/5 months ago . 3 . The projection of 2H is still on the table . They're actively stating this . It's not a push back a full quarter it's literally on target . Nobody was told that hey you are getting this 100 % by Q3 . Nobody . That's why the story is so comical .
Yep , and guidance is what has tanked several of the big tech stocks recently , even with good earnings .
Ok what's your point . Nothing . You have no point
You have no clue what you're talking about . I build ai applications and the roi is in every application we build . It's a requirement . Openai is investing because the have to build the models so they can run them cheaper over time . Your comments have no earthly clue .
fsd
Exactly , Goldman and other big boys are starting to question the AI narrative and if there is sufficient ROI for the high cost . That is bearish for AI and big tech , at least in the near to mid term , especially if we have a recession .
The point is the AI boom is not a 200 % sure fire thing so stop trying to mislead people that it is . You have pure copium with zero knowledge of the industry
Are you considering CapEx and OpEx costs for all that underlying hardware ? No , you ’ re just considering software development costs
Fuck Goldman
Lol please tell us what you do . I'm waiting to be impressed so I can call out your bullshit . Go ahead try me
What ? No . I am talking about building software and then using it . There is cost to build it and then profits being made when using it .
Do not trust pre-market
I think we finish the day flat , which would be better than exepected at this point . Could just be copium though
Wtf happened ? How does it have a 97 % recovery over night ? It's like this is designed to kill and calls and puts
Literally no one was disappointed . Market manipulation by the big dogs . Too many retail investors can ’ t be allowed to cashed n !
yeah i saw that too , and was happy . lets see what REALLY happens during normal trading hours .
The stock isn't going to crash , the opportunists are just jumping ship because they didn't become overnight thousandaires on their $ 500 investments . The big volume sells are just traders selling off hoping that they can get it back at a bargain price during the panic dip .
F * ck all puts . NVDA had beat earnings estimates and with a $ 50b buy back , it remains to be a long term investment gem .
Nvidia is such a gift . Last earnings came with split . This one with a buy back . Double whammy ! Had some panic yesterday though lol . I know my s & p calls scared me . They were cheaper then nvidia and usually make much more $ $ $ # with smaller moves . Gl ! And don't go all in on highs , ! ! !
Yeah , the 5 million shares traded in premarket today compared to the 86 million traded in aftermarket yesterday tells a lot ( not ) .
NVDA is a long term buy . I was hoping for a nice dip to double my position .
Even a 2.5 % down by eod is acceptable considering the after hours fall … Just expecting that … Want the S & P and Nasdaq to stay up today with the data coming in
It doesn't drop nearly enough for me to buy the dip .
About $ 119 to $ 120 currently .
“ I ’ ll tell you what . You show me a pay stub for $ 72,000 dollars on it , I quit my job right now and I work for you ”
What buy point are you'all waiting for ? I'm at 114 . Its is dumb for me to " only buy lowered than that ? "
How is that not bad ? I see a lower low and a lower high forming . What do you see ?
it's just the beginning of the great NVDA plateau . It will trade between 95 and 135 for the next 12 months .
My 125 9/6 calls still lost 50 % what the fuck . IV went from 100 + to 50s . How does that make fucking sense
Often more reliable than After Hours though and in this case , the market has had more time to digest the earnings .
True but when it was below 100 it got bought up fast . I know sub 120 isn't the same but still a buying opportunity .
What do you mean don ’ t trust pre-market . US pre-market is a normal market always , the European stock exchanges are open with twice as many people as the US
When 90 % of retail has 130 + calls , they will lose
It ’ s how it works iznit
Analysts updated targets released for market guidance all came in positive . Right now all have buy signals except one .
Yup .
First panic , then a bit of sense
Because that ’ s exactly what they did . You guys are all knew here I assume lol .
Thats why you go long , you don't get manipulated :)
Remember how Microsoft plummeted AH after great earnings because their cloud earnings and guidance was softer than expected ? This has the same smell about it . It rallied and was up overall by the end of that week . They were down slightly to start the next day and went up from there until we had the correction in early August .
Brother Nobody cares about retail investors , we make up less then one percent of the market volume . No one is colluding to make sure we don't win , most of the times we guarantee that ourselves through our own decisions .
It will go down , dude . Wtf would wallstreet want retail to have their way ? Calls expire on Friday not Thursday
a lot of people seem to want to buy the stock , but at a lower price point . that alone might let the price fall , and then rebound a few weeks later . time will tell
yeah , shares gang
Fine by me . Good for wheeling and selling condors
Cause it's still down over 1 % today ? IDK much about options sorry
I trust neither . The 24 - hour market bozos eat the whole cake for themselves in situations like this .
It ’ s not more reliable when there are roughly 5 million shares traded in premarket today compared to the 86 million in aftermarket yesterday .
Alright buddy keep trusting the pre-market and enjoy the rug pulls before open
Exactly ... There is way too much open interest . I have this weird feeling that they will crush the calls through Friday , bear clowns will continue to short and buy puts . Then they'll reverse and squeeze them out . MMs win-win
Not sure retail matters at all in this name
I forgot , play as if it's a machine trying to steal your money .
No , just like to add to the pain of others . My loss is much more stupid , margin called day of earnings and would let me buy a hedge that would have saved me ... instead intel and disney had me
I highly doubt this . Would guess more like 120-160
I barely trust a week's worth of price action , let alone a single day's pre market .
I think it ’ s algos doing their thing , not people
Same . This stock is diabolical with a lot of delusional investors . I understand now why smart big investors stay away from this . The last 7 days have made no sense
After listening to the call . I wish I had a program that could read how to understand the market then make better educated trades than I can ... Basically , that's the highlite of ai to me . Teach it everything that's written on trading , let it paper trade for a day then away she goes . What could go wrong ...
I agree on this stock . Trying to apply logic and timing to the volatility is suicidal . The only way to deal with it is to have gone long last year or before and just sit and wait , don't even read the news . Go do other things and check in in six months .
Isn't SPY like 30 % NVDA holdings ? They're kinda big .
It would work but eventually the profits get arbitraged away by other AI trading programs . They'd be in an arm's race , while the index investor sits back and profits .
The dunning-kruger effect is strong with faux knowledge on leverage ETFs . I would say there is 3 levels of understanding , please try to go through them if you want to use leverage ETFs and don ’ t listen to what people keep repeating without having fully understood what they ’ re saying . There is too much monkey see monkey do for something that you need to build your own understanding on . Don ’ t even take my word for it , but if you do want my suggestion ( not financial advice ) I ’ ll offer one at the end Level 1 : if a stock goes up then 2x , 3x is even better so why not buy the leveraged version Level 2 : this is where you have the “ volatility decay ” crowd comes in and perhaps well intentioned but cluelessly deriding these instruments as “ day trading only ” and making it seem like your investment is going to evaporate overnight . Most people get stuck here and never graduate Level 3 : The real truth about how these instruments perform . Thankfully there is a lot of great well researched and academic-like depth papers on the topic and a range of historic data and tools you can use to understand if these can be held long term , which yes they absolutely can and offer outsized returns . But also yes the risk of decay is high . The biggest variables that determine your net levered performance are 1 ) what leverage multiplier you go for 2 ) when you buy 3 ) the volatility of the underlying If we take one of the worst and extreme examples If you bought QQQ , a tech heavy index , at the top of the dotcom it would have recovered by now If you bought QLD , which is 2x QQQ at the same exact time it would have recovered to slightly below QQQ today And if you bought TQQQ , which is 3x QQQ at the same time then it would still have not recovered till today So yes the “ decay ” is real . But there are also thousands of periods I can sample where you could hold any of those leveraged ETFs for months and years and come out way way ahead of the baseline , by a ridiculous measure . So there is no inherent thing that says you can ’ t hold those long term . The reality is nuanced , and the best teacher here is data . Again there is papers on the topic and you could do your own testing as well The tl :d r is , on a long term basis , a 2x leverage on Spy and Nasdaq performed the best on the frontier when comparing 1x , 2x , 3x and 4x . I know there is also similar studies done on the Dow , Nikkei , Australian stock market and a couple others but I haven ’ t looked into thosez For most instruments with that level of volatility a 2x leverage is long term higher returns . But do not underestimate the psychological aspect of going through a 90 % drawdown compared to a 45 % drawdown tor example . So even if the return numbers on 2x work fine , the psychology aspect is another higher risk . It ’ s easier to say you can stomach it and sit through it , it ’ s a whole other thing seeing it happen and most people overestimate their confidence in being able to sit through that . Even when you position size , and put only what you can “ afford to lose ” a 90 % drawdown WILL eat at you . At 3x leverage avoid those for long term Finally , if a stock ’ s weekly volatility within 2 standard deviations is in the order of 10 % , know that you will eat a lot of shit even with 2x leverage To make this all more relevant to the topic on hand , for most time periods and a long enough period if you bought and held NVDA vs NVDL the 2x leverage would have netted you orders of magnitude ahead . But again all the caveats apply
If you bought nvdl on the 5th or 7th you ’ re happy . Besides that only buy NVDL on dips and hold short term
I don't know how many times this needs to be said , but here goes again : NVDL is for day trading and making short term gains . If you are trying to invest for the long run , you are KILLING your returns by investing in NVDL . The maintenance requirement on the stock is over 1.5 % , so unless you are riding straight profit on the stock ( i . e . no dips ) you will lose a lot of money for the " privilege " of holding the stock via interest .
Newsflash : Sideways chop hurts LETFs . More after this break from our sponsors . Now average down on 15 % drops and see where those numbers are in 30/45 / 60 days .
I've made a fair bit of cash buying NVDL on \ ~ 10 % dips and then selling covered calls when it regains that 10 % . Like right now . I sold 8 contracts at 90 , and 2 at 95 and 100 . I think I made about 4000 in premiums . I'm going to sell at 90 , or wherever it peaks post-earnings , anyway so I don't care it it gets assigned . In fact , it's a great ETF to sell CCs on for that very reason .
NVDL is up 360 % ytd vs Nvidia ’ s 161 %
[ deleted ]
People generally don't buy NVDL to go long . The leverage is for when you want to make more on short runs .
The numbers quoted above are true , but they are a snapshot in time . What's really needed to test this is a simulated portfolio comparison . I happened to have one available . Null Hypothesis : A portfolio containing NVDL will , over 36 months , perform approximately 2x better than one containing NVDA . Assumptions : monthly returns are normally distributed . They are close enough for this purpose , but I wouldn't stake a PhD dissertation on this . Starting value $ 100,000 . Simulation runs 36 months . Average Monthly Return : 0.041480 Standard Deviation of Monthly Return : 0.177540 Median Monthly Return : 0.031991 Minimum Monthly Return : -0.486549 Maximum Monthly Return : 0.826231 Annualized Return : 0.628580 Annualized Volatility : 0.615018 I pulled the max number of historical monthly returns from Yahoo Finance . NVDA Portfolio : Mean final value : $ 425,465 . 36 Median final value : $ 248,586 . 01 5th percentile : $ 41,186 . 75 95th percentile : $ 1,351 , 500.61 NVDL Portfolio : Mean final value : $ 1,674 , 426.09 Median final value : $ 163,727 . 64 5th percentile : $ 393.75 95th percentile : $ 6,495 , 683.51 Note the median final value . It's MUCH lower for NVDL than for NVDA even though the average is much higher . This tells me it's far more likely to get a lower return with NVDL over 36 months than with NVDA , even though there is a chance at an enormous payoff . I think we have to reject this null hypothesis and conclude that it does not perform as expected ( 2x NVDA ) .
I have NVD 3 which is 3X leverage . Unfortunately I bought it at the dumbest time which was NVDA at 140 . Because of the extreme volatility in the last few weeks I'm down by a lot , however if NVDA reaches the price targets of some analysts like 150 to 200 then my calculations show that I would be ahead and could be by quite a lot . However if I do make a decent profit I will sell the ETP and buy the NVDA stock . The main reason is because I experienced volatility decay personally and it is very stressful on red days ( if down by 5 % NVDA then NVD 3 is down 15 % . It's definitely not for the faint hearted . Also can you imagine something like a new Pandemic ? A drop of 30 % would equal 90 % drop . So it is actually very risky .
Wouldn't this just mean that my investment grows more with NVDL ? Assuming both hit their prior max at earnings and using your figures in this post , NVDA would only grow 9 % , and NVDL would grow 24 % ? From that perspective , it looks like NVDL is better short term , at least .
I'm in nvdx the fee is less
So many people saying you lose returns when you invest in NVDL . NVDA 1yr change : +185.5 % NVDL 1yr change : * * +355.78 % * * ( 1.94 x underlying ) What are y ’ all smoking to think a double leveraged etf will somehow make you less return than the underlying * * when you ’ re also bullish on the underlying * * . It is plain and simply just more risk both upside and downside . You will always make more on the leveraged etf if the underlying goes up , how is this even up for debate ?
wonder what happened to that poster who said he was going to sell all of his nvda shares and go into nvdl or nvdx . if he did the last couple of days are head bashers .
I am going to test this theory by buying more NVDL along with my existing NVDA shares and call options I picked up at the recent dip . I won't sell till 2026 so I have some time ahead
All true . But I think people learn this very quickly and becomes redundant . Can I hold it til earnings ? God damn
Fee ’ s ! !
[ removed ]
It is sad how misunderstood leveraged ETFs are in the community . If you truly believe that you always underperform in the long by being long a leveraged ETF vs 2x or 3x ( whatever the multiple may be ) of the baseline underlying , then you can long the underlying by the multiple of the leverage multiplier and short the leveraged ETF . Let ’ s see how that performs . Do not make the error of taking 1 sample path as an example of whether an investment vehicle is mathematically sound . There is no arbitrage here . LETFs are bets on mean reversion , not scams .
This is true sometimes . But if you sell options it more than makes up for the long term decay . I would consider a selling monthly OOM call options for a 3.00 % return each month a conservative estimate . Without considering compounding your investment , while assuming sideways on NVDL ( NVDL rate of decay = rate of increase of NVDA ) and NVDA moves up in the long run , you would still make 36 % on your original investment which is pretty good . So I ’ m not worried . The hardest part of this time of year is watching your account go up 10 % only to come down 10 % the next day .
Nvdl is short option play . Getting out after earning
It's not going to surpass 130 until earnings , though .
All I know is that I bought both NVDA and NVDL high ... I was making money then lost it all when it dropped . SO I waited , bought the dip .. I bought more dip .. then more .. before you know it I brought down my NVDA & NVDL cost price enough that I am almost green all around . This is a LONG stock .. meaning you buy it and hold it ... Sell if you want to .. I am holding ...
What are your positive thoughts then on nvidia ?
No shit . Everyone know leverage stock are used for short term investment and gambling .
Nvidia at 130 people feel fomo and buy . Today at 125 people scare to buy it
Yes , good to know . I wasn't that pleased with it either .
Why though ? Not understanding how the recovery wouldn't be equal or 2x
It was me . It's my fault . I rounded up my position in NVDIA in preparation for next weeks eaning report . Now I fell like a dweeb
The head person of the fund even knows this . It's for short term investments on a run only .
Short term , or a one night stand ?
This is true for all leveraged shares / index ETFs .
okay , but what if you sell covered calls and accumulate more shares on dips and can perfectly time tops and bottoms for entries and exits on your calls and share purchases , what then math man
[ deleted ]
A lot of people who bought NVDL don't know what beta slippage is .
Yup leverage of any kind is gambling . Anything besides common shares is gambling , not investing .
This is a VERY important comment .
This comment is golden for NVDL holders .
" ... a 90 % drawdown WILL eat at you . " I felt this with my SOXL position . 90 % drawdown was brutal .
[ deleted ]
Hit it and quit it ! Repeat
I ’ ve given up , the amount of times I ’ ve explained to people that leveraged ETFs are not suitable for long term holds and had them argue with me is absolutely wild . There ’ s a reason you don ’ t see or hear from people holding full ports of soxl or nvdl after a big dip , and that ’ s because they got margin called and are bagging fries , and that doesn ’ t even account for the maintenance or rebalancing
I don ’ t get it , can you explain it again ? So invest into a 2x daily ETF for long term gains is what I ’ m hearing ?
Have you actually done the math on whether the 1.5 % maintenance is higher than the leveraged gains from the underlying ? I keep seeing people who are bullish on NVIDIA say the leveraged ETF ’ s will lose you money . Those two beliefs cannot coexist .
yeah i ’ m up big on NVDL … the only thing though is what happens if NVDA has a down year ? how bad could 2X be on a - 80 % ytd return
in the scenario they described in OP you lost 12 % of your investment . If you bought NVDL or NVDA in june when NVDA was at 135.50 , and NVDA is back at 135.50 tomorrow If you had bought NVDA you would be back to even , but if you had bought NVDL you would be down 12 % of your investment
i would argue making significantly less than 2x the money while taking on 2x the risk is still getting shafted
If you bought at the end of last year you ’ re doing great . Leverage works if a stock goes straight up . It ’ s the chop that causes leverage to lose over time .
Here's the results if we only simulate 12 months . I'd say that this is consistent with the advice of NVDL NOT being a long-term investment security . NVDA Portfolio ( 12 Months ): Mean final value : $ 163,886 . 13 Median final value : $ 137,147 . 19 5th percentile : $ 48,105 . 95 95th percentile : $ 366,982 . 98 NVDL Portfolio ( 12 Months ): Mean final value : $ 268,170 . 46 Median final value : $ 131,485 . 22 5th percentile : $ 7,681 . 04 95th percentile : $ 963,114 . 06
I was interested , so I backtested the last 36 months with and without cashflows [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLw0AQhf%2FLnLewyUFkQUQonop4UkRKGLOTuO10t86uKRLy350mSD158jZvePO%2BNyP0nN6QH1HwkMGNkAtKaTwWAge1rauVvV7ZCgxQ9D97VYtvQAZXWWsNoN81IXaMJaQIrkPOZKDF%2FN5xOs2ui2w6oQ8Neiba85fGSWIOsW9OIfqz%2B8pOBo5JSpc4JG32OkLEwxn%2B8LS%2B04sQB8plHYbgtZk6inwqUEjfwdjS%2FUJ4IZSZUEK7J1mSlvmSdSRpKZa55LQ14AV7cFrhN3Tzn9DbzU39B3g7fQOTW4bU ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLw0AQhf%2FLnLewyUFkQUQonop4UkRKGLOTuO10t86uKRLy350mSD158jZvePO%2BNyP0nN6QH1HwkMGNkAtKaTwWAge1rauVvV7ZCgxQ9D97VYtvQAZXWWsNoN81IXaMJaQIrkPOZKDF%2FN5xOs2ui2w6oQ8Neiba85fGSWIOsW9OIfqz%2B8pOBo5JSpc4JG32OkLEwxn%2B8LS%2B04sQB8plHYbgtZk6inwqUEjfwdjS%2FUJ4IZSZUEK7J1mSlvmSdSRpKZa55LQ14AV7cFrhN3Tzn9DbzU39B3g7fQOTW4bU ) [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLA0EMhf9LzlOY3YPIgIhQPBXxZBEpS9zJrtOmM21m3CLL%2FnfTLlJPnrwl4eV9743Qc3pHfkbBfQY3Qi4opfFYCBzUtq4W9nZhKzBA0f%2FcdZt1AzK4ylprAP22CbFjLCFFcB1yJgMt5o%2BO0wmcvS5NJ3RUmzXRjr%2FUTBJziH1zCtGftTd2MnBIUrrEIWmutxEi7s%2Fop5flg36EOFAuyzAEr7lUUeRTcUJaBmNLjzPhlVAuhBLaHcnsNM9XrwNJS7FcikwbA16w17yT%2BQ1d%2FSf0fnVX%2FwHeTN%2FbpYZz ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLA0EMhf9LzlOY3YPIgIhQPBXxZBEpS9zJrtOmM21m3CLL%2FnfTLlJPnrwl4eV9743Qc3pHfkbBfQY3Qi4opfFYCBzUtq4W9nZhKzBA0f%2FcdZt1AzK4ylprAP22CbFjLCFFcB1yJgMt5o%2BO0wmcvS5NJ3RUmzXRjr%2FUTBJziH1zCtGftTd2MnBIUrrEIWmutxEi7s%2Fop5flg36EOFAuyzAEr7lUUeRTcUJaBmNLjzPhlVAuhBLaHcnsNM9XrwNJS7FcikwbA16w17yT%2BQ1d%2FSf0fnVX%2FwHeTN%2FbpYZz ) and the last 12 months here [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLA0EMhf9LzlOYriAyICIUT0U8KSJliTuZdWw6UzPjFln2v5t2kXry5C0JL%2B97b4Se8yvyAwruCrgRSkWprcdK4KCxzcXCXi3sEgxQ8j933WbdgAxuaa01gP69jSkw1pgTuIBcyECH5S1wPoCz56UNQh9q80S05S81k8wcU98eYvJH7aWdDOyz1JA5Zs31MkLC3RF9%2F7i61Y%2BYBip1FYfoNZcqqnwqTkjLYOrobiY8E8qJUGO3JZmd5vnstSfpKNVTkWljwAv2mncyv6Hr%2F4TerK%2BbP8Cb6RvekYZ1 ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLA0EMhf9LzlOYriAyICIUT0U8KSJliTuZdWw6UzPjFln2v5t2kXry5C0JL%2B97b4Se8yvyAwruCrgRSkWprcdK4KCxzcXCXi3sEgxQ8j933WbdgAxuaa01gP69jSkw1pgTuIBcyECH5S1wPoCz56UNQh9q80S05S81k8wcU98eYvJH7aWdDOyz1JA5Zs31MkLC3RF9%2F7i61Y%2BYBip1FYfoNZcqqnwqTkjLYOrobiY8E8qJUGO3JZmd5vnstSfpKNVTkWljwAv2mncyv6Hr%2F4TerK%2BbP8Cb6RvekYZ1 ) [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLA0EMhf9LzlOYriAyICIUT0V6qoiUJe5k17HpTM2MW2TZ%2F266i9STJ2954eV9LwN0nF6RNyh4yOAGyAWl1B4LgYPKVlcLe7OwSzBA0f%2FsVc2%2BHhnc0lprAP17HWLLWEKK4FrkTAYazG8tp9Pkusi6FfrQoCeiPX9pnCTmELv6FKI%2Fu6%2FtaOCYpLSJQ9JmLwNEPJzhj9vVvV6E2FMuq9AHr83UUeRTgUL6DsaGHmbCM6FMhBKaPcmcNM%2BXrCNJQ7FMJcedAS%2FYgdMKv6Hr%2F4TerW%2BrP8C78RuWS4bW ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLA0EMhf9LzlOYriAyICIUT0V6qoiUJe5k17HpTM2MW2TZ%2F266i9STJ2954eV9LwN0nF6RNyh4yOAGyAWl1B4LgYPKVlcLe7OwSzBA0f%2FsVc2%2BHhnc0lprAP17HWLLWEKK4FrkTAYazG8tp9Pkusi6FfrQoCeiPX9pnCTmELv6FKI%2Fu6%2FtaOCYpLSJQ9JmLwNEPJzhj9vVvV6E2FMuq9AHr83UUeRTgUL6DsaGHmbCM6FMhBKaPcmcNM%2BXrCNJQ7FMJcedAS%2FYgdMKv6Hr%2F4TerW%2BrP8C78RuWS4bW ) Seems your calcs are wrong
I didn ’ t buy at 140 but I did buy a share or two at high amounts . On bright side it ’ s a small fraction of my portfolio .
Right now is probably a good time to buy NVDL and sell after earnings . I would not hold NVDL much longer than that .
I ’ m also considering this . When things start looking good I might boost my holdings with a short term investment .
" The internet told me that holding leveraged etfs mean you lose money long term so instead of doing math and using my brain I parrot what I read on investopedia " - the people you are addressing , probably .
Jesus we really are at the top , please do not use leverage if you are not ready for the consequences . Read the prospectus of these funds and the risks they lay out before buying . They will tell you themselves it ’ s not suitable for investors to hold long term . The funds seek to be 2x or 3x leveraged for daily returns , not 2x 3x over years . Leveraged ETFs are not suitable for long term investors . Leveraged funds rebalance daily in order to be in line with their leverage ratio . During times of high market volatility you will also see decay . As a fund rises the value increases , the fund takes on more risk to stay leveraged properly . If the next day the market falls , it takes a huge hit to NAV and you lose returns . Not to mention you are paying fees out of your ass just to hold these funds . It ’ s easy to buy a leveraged fund during a bull run , imagine holding the fund when NVDA falls 50 % and you are wiped out . And hey would you look at that the fund cannot meet its maintenance margin since no one is interested in buying and they have no new inflows , fund gets margin called , and has to be delisted , you are paid out whatever remains . Oh no , that ’ s just a 90 % + loss . It ’ s just not worth it if you plan to hold long term and through NVDA ’ s ups and downs , only hold it if you think it ’ s a straight line up in the short term . [ to learn more and visualize it with graphs please read this . ] ( https://intrinio.com/blog/breaking-down-the-danger-of-leveraged-etfs )
Not the beginners no . We teach , not mock
Because the etf can over / underperform vs the underlying in the short term . It ’ s not a perfect 2x , sometimes it ’ s 1.85 sometimes it ’ s 2.2 , but over time it always comes back to roughly 1.9 x the underlying .
are u long on NVDL ? While selling covered calls on green days and buying more on red days ?
Then you should submit your application to Berkshire Hathaway
Thank you
I ’ m holding the ticker and bought more today
Exactly . Lots of people hear " NVDA is hot , probably shoukd jump on that " and then go find NVDL and think " oh , a 2x of a hot stock ? That sounds like a money printer ! " And they completely miss the fine print .
Here is someone who has posted consistently during the latest drawdown of tqqq ( despite your claims to the contrary ) . [ https://www.reddit.com/r/TQQQ/comments/1ekoqc7/numerousfloor\_dcacsp\_update\_aug\_5\_2024/ ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/TQQQ/comments/1ekoqc7/numerousfloor_dcacsp_update_aug_5_2024/ ) They have a strategy and are holding tqqq long term despite the constant warnings from people who claim its a bad idea . No margin call , no fry bagging .
Same . I hang out in these forums to help when these conversations come up but at the end of the day people believe what they want . If they want to lose money that bad , so be it . Like you said , if it was that successful then major investment firms and super investors would be all over it . Lol
Other way around bud
Exactly
You have to understand how the interest pays vs the leveraged gains . We see the 2x in the ETF details so that helps it be straightforward on the gains , but you also have to understand that maintenance is taking a chunk of your gains . 1.5 % doesn't sound like a lot , but what if you buy in to the stock and it just happens to go flat for your average across the time you are invested ? Now you have no gains and owe 1.57 % of your capital to the managing company if you held it for a year . It's peanuts in the day to day of course , but let's say you held NVDL and NVDA in equal amounts for the year . $ 1000 per stock , assume a 10 % gain for both . NVDA = $ 1000 * 0.10 = 1010 NVDL = $ 1000 * 0.10 ( × 2 ) = 1020 - 10.57 = 1009.43 That 10.57 is the maintenance cost ( 0.0157 * 1000 ) This example is using a generous gain , slightly beating the market average . And you still lose against just holding the base stock itself across that time . OBVIOUSLY NVDA is no ordinary stock so depending where you got in this could very well be much higher in gains . But since none of us can predict the future there is no saying that it will continue to go to the moon as it has in past quarters . This is merely an example to understand how it works . Lastly , consider an example where you don't make a profit and either go even or ( gasp ) a loss . Tl ;d r don't invest in leveraged stocks like NVDL long term . If you want to go long term , buy the base stock . Leveraged stocks are for day trading .
What timeframe are you looking at and what capital are you investing ? I can run a backtest for you comparing if you like
That ’ s incredibly unlikely unless there ’ s a massive recession
No , I ’ m not . Apples to oranges . You did an actual back test of what really happened versus what . Did which is a stochastic simulation of 1000 possible futures . If you don ’ t know the difference then I can ’ t help you .
Terrible advice , if NVDA doesn ’ t meet earnings any NVDL holder will get fried .
But this is assuming earnings is goes well ?
The correct answer it depends on the amount of volatility . The more it goes down drastically the more it has potential to lose in comparison with the underlying stock it ’ s tracking . The example in the post is true because I bought it at nvdl when it was around $ 77 and nvda was $ 125 . Now there is a big difference and I might not make my money back if it doesn ’ t reach all time highs soon . I know nvda will go much higher but the volatility of the stock is what makes it crappy . If it had a lower beta and it generally always went up but more steady it could be a more safe investment .
No shit Sherlock , leverage works both ways , that isn ’ t some magical rule that only applies to the long run .
Ah , I think I understand . So , the ETF can fluctuate based on supply / demand of the ETF itself - - - in addition to the underlying stock ( s ) . This additional variance results in it not being a 1:1 match to the underlying .
I am , but I'm not good at the covered call thing , it takes actual trading skill which I lack
I was actually just about to do that , thanks !
As am I , although I'm waiting for NVDA @ $ 105 to add more shares in both . May or may not happen of course .
I've never purchased NVDL , or any other single-stock ETFs , reading about them here and there and seems like it it wouldn't be a bad idea to buy some a bit ahead of the 28th , assuming the ER is favorable , then selling it a day or two after , also assuming something doesn't trigger a significant drop in price . Guessing there is probably more to it ?
Guilty as charged ! Dropped my average from highs of $ 19 from June to about $ 16 and change . Ready to jump ship
You ’ re not in the right on this and I ’ m not going to keep chasing your comments cherry picking certain situations to try to make something that is dumb as hell seem reasonable . Go back to gme bro you belong there
Well ... they actually are ... GraniteShares ETF Trust - GraniteShares 2x Long NVDA Daily ETF ( US : NVDL ) has 59 institutional owners and shareholders that have filed 13D / G or 13F forms with the Securities Exchange Commission ( SEC ) . These institutions hold a total of 5,033 , 174 shares . Largest shareholders include APEIRON CAPITAL Ltd , Susquehanna International Group , Llp , Jane Street Group , Llc , Citadel Advisors Llc , Citadel Advisors Llc , Belvedere Trading LLC , Belvedere Trading LLC , LMR Partners LLP , Belvedere Trading LLC , and Morgan Stanley . Everyone should invest how they see fit , however you tend to make statements which the data doesnt support .
I just enjoy shooting the shit about stocks , especially when I ’ m over extended and not day trading much , but at the end of the day like you said people will believe what they want . I don ’ t want to see anyone lose money but I ’ m happy to take it , more liquidity lol
So bullish on NVDA , but bearish on 2x NVDA … .
🤣
I'm sorry but what the hell is this math ? Why are you canoeing nvda and nvdl both going up 10 % ? The whole point of the ETF is that if nvda is up 10 then nvdl is up 20 . That's literally the whole point . Edit : you actually did include it , but you did a 1 % increase not a 10 % 1000 nvda goes to 1100 nvda so + 100 1000 nvdl goes to 1200 nvdl - 0.0157 * 1000 ( 15.7 ) = 1184.3 nvdl Dude you suck at math
Backtests say otherwise , here is NVDA vs 2x NVDA held for a year with and without cash flows with a drag of 1.5 % [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLAzEQhf%2FLnFPJrlQkICIUT6V4UkTKMm4ma2ya1EncIsv%2Bd6e7SL148zZvePO%2BNwN0Ib1ieEDGfQYzQC7IpbFYCAzUur5c6OuFrkABRfuzFzX7egxgKq21ArTvjY8uYPEpgnEYMiloMb%2B5kI6T6ywbx%2FQhQU9Eu%2FAlcZxC8LFrjj7ak%2FtKjwoOiYtLwSdp9jJAxP0Jvnlc3cmFjz3lsvK9t9JMHIU%2FBcgk72Bs6X4mPBPyRCi%2B3RHPSfN8zjoQtxTLVHLcKrCMHRip8Bu6%2Fk%2Fo7fqm%2FhNcXSzH7fgNoxiHOg%3D%3D ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLAzEQhf%2FLnFPJrlQkICIUT6V4UkTKMm4ma2ya1EncIsv%2Bd6e7SL148zZvePO%2BNwN0Ib1ieEDGfQYzQC7IpbFYCAzUur5c6OuFrkABRfuzFzX7egxgKq21ArTvjY8uYPEpgnEYMiloMb%2B5kI6T6ywbx%2FQhQU9Eu%2FAlcZxC8LFrjj7ak%2FtKjwoOiYtLwSdp9jJAxP0Jvnlc3cmFjz3lsvK9t9JMHIU%2FBcgk72Bs6X4mPBPyRCi%2B3RHPSfN8zjoQtxTLVHLcKrCMHRip8Bu6%2Fk%2Fo7fqm%2FhNcXSzH7fgNoxiHOg%3D%3D ) [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLAzEQhf%2FLnFPJrigSEBGKpyKeFJGyjJvJGpsmdRK3yJL%2F7rSL1Is3bzPDm%2Fe9N8EQ0iuGB2TcZjAT5IJcOouFwECr2%2FOFvlroBhRQtD932WbdiAFMo7VWgPa989EFLD5FMA5DJgU95jcX0h6MPi2dY%2FoQmyeiTfgSM04h%2BDh0ex%2FtQXupq4Jd4uJS8ElyvUwQcXtA3z8ub%2BXDx5FyWfrRW8klisKfgmOSMhh7upsJz4R8JBTfb4hnp3k%2Bee2Ie4rlWKSuFVjGQfJW9Ru6%2Bk%2Fozeq6%2FRPcnF3Udf0G6pyG2Q%3D%3D ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj0FLAzEQhf%2FLnFPJrigSEBGKpyKeFJGyjJvJGpsmdRK3yJL%2F7rSL1Is3bzPDm%2Fe9N8EQ0iuGB2TcZjAT5IJcOouFwECr2%2FOFvlroBhRQtD932WbdiAFMo7VWgPa989EFLD5FMA5DJgU95jcX0h6MPi2dY%2FoQmyeiTfgSM04h%2BDh0ex%2FtQXupq4Jd4uJS8ElyvUwQcXtA3z8ub%2BXDx5FyWfrRW8klisKfgmOSMhh7upsJz4R8JBTfb4hnp3k%2Bee2Ie4rlWKSuFVjGQfJW9Ru6%2Bk%2Fozeq6%2FRPcnF3Udf0G6pyG2Q%3D%3D )
1 yr and 6 months $ 10k in capital for both .
Your stochastic simulation of the future using historical monthly data that doesnt even simulate what happened sounds super accurate
If you think NOW is a bad time to buy NVDL you probably think there is no good time to buy NVDL . Buying NVDL right now is an objectively reasonable thing to do .
Place a put on the 29th , then .
GraniteShares also has an NVDA 2x short ETF , I don't see why they'd get fired unless the miss is * monumental * .
If someone were to do this with short term in mind , they could probably rude the hype and sell just before earnings , if they were worried .
This is very true , the volatility can be heavily reduced with DCA . No doubt the underlying is more safe from an emotional perspective and if , for some reason , nvdia does not grow as projected ( although as a nvda bull that would be quite the assumption to make )
This guy thinks NVDL is leveraged 2x in the long run and not just daily . Lmao , at least read the prospectus of what you are buying before buying it . And then do me a favor and look up how many leveraged funds shut down . Be a man and leverage yourself normally . Buy NVDA stock on margin , pay the interest fees , and have the cash to cover if your holdings fall below the maintenance margin . If you can ’ t afford to do that you can ’ t afford to be leveraged .
Not necessarily the demand for the ETF shares but more so the value of the ETF ’ s holdings . But basically yes . It ’ s not a perfect 2x .
As I stated before , NVDL is a leveraged " ETF " , meant to 2x your capital on gains / losses of NVDA . On top of that it has a high maintenance cost . Because of this it meant for day trades . You want to dip in am out of it in the same day , rarely keeping it overnight or multiple days . Basically , you buy it if you want to day trade NVDA specifically and are extremely bullish going into the trading day . It's great if you guess right because you double your profits ( a 5 % green day turns to 10 % ) but also the opposite is true and can double your losses .
Ah yes , backtesting from the inception of qqq over 3 financial downturns ( 4 if you include covid ) is cherrypicking . LOL . You claimed retail dont post LETF after drawdowns , proved wrong : gets mad .
5 million shares of these ETFs are literally less than a drop in the bucket for those firms and you have no idea what their investment strategy is . Think about those numbers - 5 million shares , let ’ s round up and say the average share price is $ 100 . That ’ s 500 million dollars spread between all those firms , that ’ s nothing . Looking at those holdings and using them to justify leveraged ETFs is like saying it ’ s safe to drive 100mph because you see ambulances doing it occasionally .
How does someone losing money on leveraged ETFs provide you with liquidity exactly ? Answer : It doesnt , only in your fever dreams . remind me ! 10 years
Lmao truth my man , well said .
Oh lord I didn't realize the formatting reddit did with the " * " . Gross . I'll go fix . Also , did I do 1 % ? I'll get on that .
This is great
Brother , it's like you didn't read what I said at all . We absolutely can look back on data and see where investing in NVDL is better than base stock . This last year the stock has exploded , running 151.77 % YTD . That is unheard of for large cap companies and it is why the internet is littered with examples of people making a fortune off the gains . Read the math I gave you in my example . I didn't use the current market data , I ran similar numbers for a hypothetical situation to learn how the numbers play out . Hindsight is always 20/20 , but predicting what happens next is why people regularly lose their money here because past numbers don't guarantee future gains . NVDA may very well do another 150 % over the next year the way AI tech is going , or it could crash due to everyone else getting in the game and the company overextending .
Ok one sec Here you are sir [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytjzFPAzEMhf%2BL5xSlV8GQDaliQogJhFB1MhffkdZNihOuQqf8d9yeUFnY8GRbz%2B97nmDg9Ib8iIL7DG6CXFBK67EQOGhss1rYZtGswABF%2F7PXadaNyOCWVssA%2Bm0bYs9YQorgeuRMBjrM7z2nIzh7Gdpe6EN9nol2%2FKVukphDHNpjiP6kvbHVwCFJ6ROHpMFeJ4i4P7Efnta3ehHiSLmswxi8BlNFkU%2FFCek3GDu6mwkvhHImlNDtSGanub94HUg6iuX8Sd0Y8IKD5q3mN%2FT%2Bv6Bx9PwndHl1XTf1Gzv7hpg%3D ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytjzFPAzEMhf%2BL5xSlV8GQDaliQogJhFB1MhffkdZNihOuQqf8d9yeUFnY8GRbz%2B97nmDg9Ib8iIL7DG6CXFBK67EQOGhss1rYZtGswABF%2F7PXadaNyOCWVssA%2Bm0bYs9YQorgeuRMBjrM7z2nIzh7Gdpe6EN9nol2%2FKVukphDHNpjiP6kvbHVwCFJ6ROHpMFeJ4i4P7Efnta3ehHiSLmswxi8BlNFkU%2FFCek3GDu6mwkvhHImlNDtSGanub94HUg6iuX8Sd0Y8IKD5q3mN%2FT%2Bv6Bx9PwndHl1XTf1Gzv7hpg%3D )
Wdym by short term
What ’ s the difference between buying NVDL and just using my margin account to buy twice as much NVDA as my cash ? Oh wait , there is no difference
Ty for this info
Tracking the 2x up / down , was wondering if people thought this ( or probably closer to the 28th ) was one of the rare times it would be worth keeping it longer . Then again , if it was that easy to just offload after a potential spike after the ER , everyone would do it .
Everyone should invest how they see fit , but all should look at the data . Yes , having a strategy for LETFs is smart , as with any investment . Yes big firms hold it , yes retail post after big drawdowns . Driving 100mph all the time isnt safe , but there are ways to drive 100mph safely on the right roads in the right conditions with the right techniques .
Monkey put money in stock market , market takes monkey money and distributes it to slightly less stupid monkey
Bro you also said that 0.0157 x1000 was 10.57 are you okay ?
I read your comment perfectly , I am just presenting the data as it stands . You can use cherrypicked figures / examples to make your point but that doesnt mean its accurate . You mentioned holding for a year so I got the data , if it doesnt fit with your made up numbers or assumptions thats not my problem . Everyone should only invest what they can afford to lose , luckily the leveraged funds dont require margin so people should make their own investment decisions based off the data . If one is bullish on NVDIA , it really doesnt make sense to not be bullish on 2x NVDIA based off actual data IMO
Am I reading this correct that the double leveraged etf is more or less double the return of the underlying ?
1 week
The risk is in your hands to control . There is a huge difference . You aren ’ t increasing your leverage everyday to be 2x levered like these actively managed funds when the stock rises . If the stock falls you can recover by increasing your leverage and holding your position . If the fund decides the losses are too great to be covered , they ’ ll just disband the fund . So many leveraged ETF ’ s go this way . I won ’ t be surprised if NVDL is not around in 10 years .
Your question has multiple answers . Is it a good idea to buy before earnings and dump in the next few days or weeks after ? If you feel confident and are bullish in how the company has functioned this quarter , yes absolutely . If the stock jumps , you 2x the earnings and sell right away , using half to buy a position in the base stock and keep the other half as cash . Is it a good idea to do this if the stock drops from a poor earnings report or shorting of expectations ? No because you will not only lose you just doubled your losses . Is it a good idea to buy this in anticipation of a strong year ahead ? No unless you think the earnings are going to be 20 or 30 % in the base stock . Average gains for S & P500 is 7-10 % a year just FYI .
No one was saying they are useless and there is no time and place for them , it ’ s just statistically dumb as shit to hold those products over a long period of time . This is not an opinion based thing , go back test holding leveraged ETFs over a long period of time and see what you get . Literally the only time that strategy is viable is over a less than a year swing trade in a strong bull market ( holy shit maybe those big firms were playing a bull market ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ) and even that isn ’ t safe from massive drawdown . I ’ m not trying to be rude my friend these are just numerical concepts , just because something worked for a short period of time does not mean it will work every time . I could play Russian roulette every single day for 50 years and not die , that doesn ’ t make it smart . If you want to play the market for a livelihood you need to find a statistical edge , and you have a negative statistical edge holding Lefts
Should be 15.70 , my dyslexic ass 🤷‍♂ ️
* whoosh * Right over your head again . I was very upfront with my numbers being made up and used them to make it easier to digest . The whole point of the comment was to teach how the expense ratio affects your investment over a year . > leveraged funds dont require margin This has literally nothing to do with expense ratios . > If one is bullish on NVDIA , it really doesnt make sense to not be bullish on 2x NVDIA based off actual data IMO Again , bullish off this last year is great . But if you invest today and expect to have a similar 150 % return , that's not necessarily what will happen in the next year . What if it only goes up 5 or 10 % ? What if it goes down ? Throw away your money if you want to , but don't be trying to tell people that past guarantees future gains . That's a fast ticket to losing a lot people their life savings .
Yes , however one should note the last year has been particularly good for NVIDIA . If one is bullish on NVIDIA however , I dont see a reason ( besides math not based on actual data ) to not be bullish on 2x nvidia as long as you are aware of the risks ( larger drawdowns ) . If youd like any other time periods tested let me know and I will be happy to oblige .
I think a strategy is important , however starting before the dotcom crash , buying and holding LETF outperforms regular Qs . I dont mean to be rude but maybe actually check the data before making incorrect claims . Pure numerical concepts my dude . 2xQs produces greater then 2x returns long term even with dotcom , 08 , covid and 2022 market . [ https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj09Lw0AQxb%2FLnNOyCbTQgHgRTx4aPEiREsbsJK7d7iaza2oJ%2Be5OE8Re9NTb%2FHnzfm8GaKx%2FQ7tFxmOAfIAQkWOpMRLkkG42q0WaLVQKCZDTP3PpZl2PFvJUKZUA6o%2FSuNpiNN5BXqMNlECF4b22%2FjSpftuyZurE6IXoYM9ix95a45ryZJy%2BqNdqTKD1HGtvjZdkrwM4PF7gRVHIgXE9hfhgeqMlmAgifwqPSb5BV9HjDNgR8gSIpjoQz0ZzLduu62TVElfk4hRx3CegGRvIJcA18iu7IfT%2B6S77E5wuV1fo5%2B3uVuDQnv%2F5dj9%2BA9yBrg8%3D ] ( https://testfol.io/?d=eJytj09Lw0AQxb%2FLnNOyCbTQgHgRTx4aPEiREsbsJK7d7iaza2oJ%2Be5OE8Re9NTb%2FHnzfm8GaKx%2FQ7tFxmOAfIAQkWOpMRLkkG42q0WaLVQKCZDTP3PpZl2PFvJUKZUA6o%2FSuNpiNN5BXqMNlECF4b22%2FjSpftuyZurE6IXoYM9ix95a45ryZJy%2BqNdqTKD1HGtvjZdkrwM4PF7gRVHIgXE9hfhgeqMlmAgifwqPSb5BV9HjDNgR8gSIpjoQz0ZzLduu62TVElfk4hRx3CegGRvIJcA18iu7IfT%2B6S77E5wuV1fo5%2B3uVuDQnv%2F5dj9%2BA9yBrg8%3D ) Even after the bottom of the 2022 bear market , the 2xq is still over 50 % higher then the unleveraged version . So much for a negative statistical edge .
You're in this sub , it's assumed you're invested in NVDA . You do so due to the belief it will appreciate in value . You are bullish . Same can be said regarding a LEFT - bullish sentiment . That being said , then the LEFT is a positive play if you assume these things , regardless of the MER .
Easier to digest = ! accurate . If you are bullish on nvidia and think it will increase over the long run , then you will make more money on a 2x version . No amount of easy to digest figures or incorrect assumptions will change that . I am happy to provide a backtest over a period of time where nvidia didnt go up 150 % if you would like . I am not saying the past guarantees the future , however if you think nvidia is a good buy now because it will increase , then the 2x version will increase more .
Thank you good sir .
Good lord , go look at the max drawdown homie . This has nothing to do with how much money you CAN make , it ’ s the fact that unless someone was full cash they would have gotten repeatedly margin called over your testing period there . Max drawdown of qs - 54 % , max drawdown of 2x - 89 % . How many people that you know are fully cash in shares so their brokerage won ’ t liquidate them AND willing to hold through a draw down like that ( and it happened multiple times over that period , that ’ s just the max ) . I don ’ t know what else to tell you , there is a reason that is a fundamentally broken strategy and it ’ s a lot deeper than hurrrr durrr look at the returns .
> these are numerical concepts Does not provide one single numeric example that supports his claim hahahahaha day traders man
I mean yeah , I agree with you . But if the gain you get on the investment is 10 % , it makes a difference to know if that 10 % was made in a single day or a year . Because if it was over a year , that expense ratio will make you lose . If it's in a day or two , absolutely NVDL wins out ! And yeah pick a backtest of another period , mostly because it would be good to see raw data . Take a slice of 2022 or 2023 when it was acting like a somewhat normal stock . Lol
Not a problem .
Ah now the goal posts move . How is buying and holding with cash even subject to margin calls ? Most long term investors arent using margin bro . If people understand the risks , the statistical edge is POSITIVE over the long term . So funny you say check the data , the data then doesnt agree with your assumptions so then you move the goal posts . " go check the data " turned into " hurr durr look at the returns " real fast ... you told me to backtest and now your mad you are wrong . You : " Literally the only time that strategy is viable is over a less than a year swing trade in a strong bull market " - WRONG You : " you have a negative statistical edge holding Lefts " - WRONG You : " go back test holding leveraged ETFs over a long period of time and see what you get " NOOO not like that ! ! !
Hey you pick the period and I will supply the data ! I am more interested in long term though as the argument generally is long term leverage is bad , happy to end the backtest pre 2024 to eliminate the massive run as of late I personally dont think a 1.5 % expense ratio will matter all that much with NVDIAs long term prospects , even if its 10 % over a year ( the gain NOT the expense ratio lol )
What even is this , can you read ? The point is if you are using any margin an 89 % drawdown will liquidate you . What is this world , and why am I trying to help you keep your money . Enjoy homie , I ’ m done lol
Expense ratios actually crush investment portfolios . If you take the time to look at ones managed over the course of 10-30 years or even more , it will eat away at your earnings . If you had $ 100,000 invested and had a 1.00 % expense , that's literally a grand you are paying out to hold the stock . It adds up over time . This is the exact reason why large investment firms do not hold these ETFs for portfolio management .
Why is the assumption a normal long term investor is investing on margin ? Why do you think encouraging the use of margin is helping me keep my money ? ! If you held NVDA on margin during 2022 , 2020 or 08 you would also get margin called so your point is fuckin moot if you assume margin is being used . LETF dont cause margin calls in cash accounts .
I think I see where your confusion is coming from . An ETF will always underperform a direct 1:1 portfolio of the ETF ’ s composition , but we ’ re talking about having the same starting capital in NVDA vs NVDL , which is not a 1:1 portfolio . If you put $ 200 in NVDA , and $ 100 in NVDL you make less money than if you just put $ 400 in NVDA . But if you put $ 400 only in NVDA or only NVDL , you will always make more with NVDL than you will with NVDA , even over long periods of time .
They can , if the return generated by the vehicle doesnt outpace it . The argument here is that nvidias growth potential will dwarf a 1.5 % ratio on 2 x nvdias return . If you thought otherwise , I would be surprised you would be bullish on nvdia As I commented elsewhere , investment firms are actually holding NVDL despite you claiming otherwise .
Oh I definitely am bullish on this hot piece of pie . Wouldn't be in this sub if I wasn't . Lmao Personally , I am thinking this stock will see $ 150 or 160 in the next year or so . That would be at least a 20 % climb from where it is now , so NVDL would make a 40 % gain . But again , even with that maddening gain , if you sat on your laurels and held that over the course of a year or more you are losing a lot for it . In fact I think you would barely squeak out higher in return from just holding the base stock . If you saw this return though and then jumped ship all within a week span , you definitely nearly doubled the return .
The data disagrees with your assumptions unfortunately ( or fortunately ) .
At this point I have to assume the guy is trolling lol
eh , some people cant accept new data points because their beliefs are too strongly held . Just look at the other dude who told me to " backtest it and see what you get " then starts going on about trading on margin as a counterpoint . Whole idea of leveraged funds is to not trade on margin yet get the benefits of leverage Like if you were trading nvda on margin during 2020 , 2022 or 08 or 00 youd get margin called too . Leveraged etf allows you to hold and add during downturns without liquidation
I really hope we can burst out of this 97-107 bubble .
200 is coming just wait
likely to build up into earnings .. its the typical nvda pattern
Idk but I just bought calls for next friday and already burned lol ! ! It's ok , if it dont come back up by eod I'll prob close for loss , all good , onto the next one haha !
All tech is down basically , so there's that
I ’ m hoping the good news from TSM might help it break out
I think we are going to pull back start of session today to the trendline to retest and cya wouldn't wanna beya .
lol this is like a company meeting with my boss . Year has been shit so far but I ’ m expecting a great income in a few months from x . Been the story for 5 years and still no change
lol this is like a company meeting with my boss . Year has been shit so far but I ’ m expecting a great income in a few months from x . Been the story for 5 years and still no change
Nice upgrade .
Well i want to buy more at lower prices so maybe not :)
We need bull
Yes
Is going to $ 75 then perhaps it will go up
Take your last dime everything you have lets for example , say you have 5000 dollars . Take all 5000 and hold it in Nvidia . This is a long-term investment , and AI is not going anywhere .
The resistance is at 111 not 107 . Once that breaks then it's breaking out
I'm expecting it to go down to the 90s one more time before it finally starts to go up more consistently . Currently , I feel like we might hit around 116 and then go back to 90s throughout the next week .
I ’ m “ only ” up 100 % on NVDA , but am frustrated with the movements that ’ s it ’ s almost unworthy to hold
The premarket looks like it could bomb today and fast ... protect those profits while you can
We ’ re likely to see 1-2 trips lower before earnings . Happens almost every time . Even something ridiculous like $ 85 is possible . Just a good buy opportunity as it always rips high after earnings beat
What ’ s with the wild life lately
[ deleted ]
$ 74 dollars coming . Buy the dip 🐻
Looks like we have a red day ahead . MMs are scraping for pennies now . SEC is on vacation again .
It will go down to 85 in September
There needs to be evidence of earnings from the end of Aug earnings report or from an adjacent company .
Lmao use the correct terminology . " Bubble " my god ...
110 baybee
Next week 🙏
I mean . . . is any trader really going to sit on the sidelines when NVDA is definitely going to crush its earnings and is still sitting 25 % off it's ATH ? I bought in today for this reason .
TSM reported 45 % increase so good news
4 % up in europe . Meaning in dollars is 106.86 at market open
Your analogy meeting your boss is everyone ’ s story when they meet their bosses . But investing in nvda is anything but that , in my experience .
Who knows I think everybody ’ s super hyped on it that it ’ s going to be a big letdown , earnings we ’ ll see though
That said , I still don't think there's a chance it beats $ 107 today . I put a call against it today at that strike . Next week I would look for $ 110 - $ 113 depending where todays close is .
Most be nice to be up 100 % and be frustrated .
We ’ ve already had many trips lower , what are you talking about lol . We went from $ 140.72 to $ 91 . And bounced around _a lot _ in between $ 100 and $ 120 .
I don ’ t see this happening as long as we have positive economic data leading into the earnings . Nothing would warrant a deep to $ 80s unless you are a bear wanting the stock to fall .
If NVDA hit's $ 80 there will be massive panic sell where it's probably going to $ 70s . I have a big level at 75 i think . There's so many bag holders between 120 ' s to 140 . Wall Street knows it and they will use it to get shares even cheaper plus all those people will be so happy just to break even that Wall Street will sell right into them . I fully expect a massive sell off as soon as we are in 130s
i hope it hits the $ 80s , my paycheck comes next week and i can't wait to buy like 200 shares of NVDA before the earnings cheap , that would be the dream
w / o timing , all we can do is wait . If you can predict a date , I will go ahead & buy options . If you can predict reasons w the date , I may even sell options .
But ... there was ... There was highly positive news from all of tsmc , amd , and the hyperscalers . All beat revenue AND earnings ... but they also lowered forward guidance . That's going to be NVDAs test too . They'll crush revenue / profit on Aug 28 . But if Q3 / Q4 revenue guidance is tempered , it'll go to $ 80 and this sub will poop itself ... And then theyll buy the dip with whatever coins they can find in the couch .
There just needs to be some amazing news , else this stock will continue shitting its pants till August 28th
Stop using hope also .
It was either bubble or nightmare . I chose the softest one
What ’ s the correct terminology ?
We ain ’ t stoping till I ’ m happy
I'm all in . good luck to us all
Not only that , comes checked a few years of monthly sales and this one is record high 🚀 🌛
That ’ s a crazy way to plan your trading in the us , no ?
A $ 105-110 close today would be a great setup for next week
Not if you got greedy and was up nearly 400 % . Time in the market and cash on the side are crucial too :(
I'm up over 500 % and still frustrated . I have 2025 and 2026 LEAPs that I feel really good about but I want money * now *
I ’ m just telling you what ’ s happened in the past . The week before earnings in particular can be volatile . Anything could between now and 8/ 28
Next week is PPI , CPI , and another jobs report - so the volatility and potential market swings could be wild .
[ deleted ]
what makes you think it'll go there again ?
I think the " panic selling " will happen in the $ 90s which will pull it into the upper $ 80s .
It ’ s math . It ’ s a matter of time . The thing is that the fed and government can , and have been extending the cycle . Even if there ’ s a increase in the stock for the next 2 months they cannot completely avoid what ’ s coming . That ’ s why Warren is 50 % in cash . Is not about taxes is much more . But in 10 years or less we should be doing great back again
Don't cry little baby . Leading up to the earnings there will be leaks that the earnings are looking good for Nvidia , stock will revitalize , they'll report crazy high earnings and forecast crazy high earnings for the next quarter and the stock will again shoot up . Happens every time
Brother news keeps posting daily however the feckless have run away . As others have just sold a minor percentage to take profits and relax for the summer , I usually always sell most of my stock in May : June . However I am a long NVDA guy as in I ’ ve been holding for years and will continue to do so . Of course just like all of you I want it to go to 10000
I thinking shitting it ’ s pants is a good term
I ’ d say channel
Prison
Quagmire
I'm happy . I sold some last week at 105 and was content . This is a solid rise , 5 percent in an hour lol
I am doing that . The eur / usd pair sometimes helps sometimes fucks you . But it's a small help for a few gains .
Totally agree . Anything above $ 105 would make me happy , and probably trigger a couple more option sales further out / up .
Take a loan against your stocks .
I will be messaging you in 14 days on [ * * 2024-08- 23 11:28 : 04 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-23%2011:28:04%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1env3jd/is_this_the_break_we_are_looking_for/lh9c29g/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1env3jd%2Fis_this_the_break_we_are_looking_for%2Flh9c29g%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-23%2011%3A28%3A04%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201env3jd ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Well , here is your reminder and you were utterly wrong ! 😑
We will find out today probably if it is going to bounce off the downtrend line . When looking at major levels of support and resistance i had 95 , 88 , 75 . 75 i have as a high volume day where a lot of activity was traded . usually those days hold some significance .
I would say range .
Alright fair , that too can be said . It really depends on how badly you believe it is
Tunnel
Even better . Stock has barely moved an inch today
It ’ s not stopping here . 8 % is when I will consider getting happy
My portfolio has been 100 % nvidia for the past year and I have no regretted since :)
Guys this is great news . It literally means the stock is severely underpriced . As a general rule , * * a PEG ratio of 1.0 or lower suggests a stock is fairly priced or even undervalued * * . A PEG ratio above 1.0 suggests a stock is overvalued .
My bias is confirmed . My tits are jacked .
impressive . But in what 15 days it's all going to be reset again . ;)
So you're saying a realistic price would be ~ $ 230 / share ?
2 years forward looking for high tech company is foolish .
I am pretty sure that nvidia would go up very quickly . Why is it not good to invest in nvdl instead of nvda ? Why not maximize the profits ?
Is this from a report they just released ?
agree ... seems easy 150 before earnings . no financial advice
So my 55 shares are gonna make me rich ?
I'm also 100 % all nvda ? We can do it !
Same here friends , even in wifes account but we diversified a bit into AVGO .
Yeah , if it's based on present valuations . But this is a PEG based on two years out . Predicting what will happen two years out is a shaky business .
🎯 This post rates comment of the day ! A very important distinction by which any investor will benefit ..
Why would it
For it to be fully valued at this rate of earnings growth , in the next 12 months , yes .
So that is like $ 5 ~ 6T for NVDA ! Love it ! To the MOoN ! !
TBH , it ’ s not . A company growing this fast needs to have a multiple based on 5 years forward IMO . Otherwise you will see the same price movement as what happened in Jan 2024 . Companies started modeling in CY 2024 revenues , and the share price doubled over the next few months .
You need to be able to handle some level of uncertainty in investing , completely ignoring the future and refusing to do projections is just wrong .
Because puts and calls are gambling , and as such , morally abject .
So you don't maximize losses .
If you consider 13k rich then i gues yes .
1m nvdx 800k nvda all my liquid money
Earnings will add new data .
Thank you . I wouldn't mind that at all .
What is the PE ratio then ?
Level of uncertainty with companies like NVDA is very very high with so much competition and questions about business value , etc , makes it very difficult to do forward projection to next 2 years
I ’ ll take it .
Why not , this is a lifetime chance to get ahead ?
15 days ? Trading days ?
Nobody looks at P / E ratio for a growth company . You look at the forward P / E if anything .
[ deleted ]
Earnings are Aug 28 , 2pm pacific time . 13 + 15 = 28 , not hard
LOL fuck me . August 28 is 2 weeks away . I have no idea where I got six weeks away
Apparently you find math easier than being a decent person
lol
Math * is * easier than being a decent person . Assuming you can add .
so you're the reason the stock is going down today
Update us now 😂
Just jinxed yourself
Stop posting this you jinxed it
[ deleted ]
Username checks out
It ’ s all your fault
Can I have the . 0005 😲
5,000 shares of Nvidia 🔥 🔥 🤑
Ban this guys plis
Good luck man
Can someone explain this ? What am i looking at exactly ... You own 5000 shares ?
Stock taking a little beating today . Next week is the big question . The street is expecting good reporting . Big question is if they comment that future spending by companies for their development in AI is still strong . I don ’ t have that many shares , only 550 . But in the same boat !
Omfg can you do something about that . 0005 . Please ! ! ! That ’ s going to drive me insane for the rest of the day .
?
Pedobear ?
Why 5000.0005 ? So annoying
Closed at $ 123 ! Lollll ! Let ’ s foooo $ 110 ! ! !
Nobody cares about lame people who got in last week posting daily updates .
lol sorry mate , guilty as charged .
Wouldn ’ t he be the reason it went up ?
lol do you think it ’ ll go in the other direction if I do ? 😂
lol oh well , 1 more week until ER , that ’ s the only day that really matters in the short term anyway .
If I dip below $ 600,000 I ’ ll make another post and hopefully that will reverse it the other way lol .
Aww thx man I really appreciate it 😊
Hey there ’ s fairly strong support at $ 124 😊
lol sorry I ’ m likely selling my shares at the end of next week ( no guarantee though ) .
I probably should have purchased more but I ’ m a wuss these days in terms of risk I ’ m willing to take .
Don't be a hater ...
Lol
lol thanks
I ’ ve been posting these for fun since I made my original post just sharing that I bought 5000 shares a few days ago .
Hey 550 is a healthy amount - and yeah I ’ m genuinely interested in what happens next week . I ’ d be lying if I said I had a clue one way or the other … this is more of a speculative bet that I feel long term will pay out regardless as NVDA is so dang far ahead of its competition it would take corporate espionage or something for anyone else to catch up within the next couple years .
I will sell it to you for $ 1,000 .
? ?
The . 0005 was from when I was watching it for the last few months
lol 110 would be a little painful . I ’ ll be okay if it closes around 118 next Friday though .
Are you saying this because you ’ re a nobody , who cares ?
Try :)
Haha only kidding , unless 👀 👀 . So selling after earnings ? I ’ m thinking of doing the same tbh , I have 62 shares at $ 102 ( after the split ofc ) profit of $ 1500 as of right now 🥹
Ohhh lol ... So you posted at this mornings recent ATH right before it dropped to 125 lol
Honestly my OCD says that ’ s worth it 🤬 like why … how … wtf is the point … just make it go away please .
Honestly if there wasn ’ t a , in 5,000 it would be fine because then it would balance out but the , makes it off .
😘
I ’ ve been heavily invested in Nvidia since it was $ 7 . You can ’ t say shit to me lol .
I mean I ’ m just as likely to buy back in after I sell depending on where it closes next week . I already have exit and reentry points selected .
Yeah if I post it ’ s usually whatever I see when I first wake up and look .
Pm me and I ’ ll give you my Venmo / cashapp / zelle / paypal details 😂
lets see your gains then pussy boy
“ Nobody cares about lame people who got in last week posting daily updates . ” Your above comment speaks to both your intelligence , and your maturity levels lol .
Oh wow that ’ s awesome 🍔
What price u lump sum in ?
I ’ m essentially locked in at exactly $ 125 , it ’ s slightly less but easier to round up lol .
Noice good luck to us all ( or god help us all )
lol there ’ s a fat support at $ 125 - it could be broken but it ’ s unlikely .
YOU WERE SAYIN ?
lol ouch - that ’ s where the big resistance is … could hit $ 123 today tbh
Congrats . you must be milioner by now
That ’ s the year I got in it . What got me was literally just seeing their sticker on every decent computer , and any higher end gaming PC build touted them and hardly considered AMD as an alternative . Clearly not where they make their focus now , but I saw them as just a powerhouse with only 1-2 lagging competitors . I knew they ’ d have the future of computing locked in
The future can take longer to arrive than you can stay solvent ...
Brilliant ! To see the trend that long ago . Honestly this is a good tip
I was keen the autonomous trucking concept but at the time Apple was spending the most on R & D for that . It was called project Titan and was scrapped recently
Funny , if FSD is your reason you should be Tesla instead .
It ’ s milionerr
Thank God you didn't see all those " Intel Inside " stickers .
I don't drink , eat bacon , or do coke . My wife cooks and my daughter is breastfed , saving money on formula , so we don't have a lavish lifestyle , allowing us to DCA into Eli Lilly , NLR ETF , and GE Verona - the plays I see for the next 10 years that will do well . I stopped buying ( but haven't sold any either ) Nvidia when the Reddit NVDA groups started to appear .
Musk talks , Jensen does . He needs Nvidia too . Everything will self drive on roads paved with Nvidia .
Oh I saw them , and I did invest a few thousand and pulled out with a grand or so profit after a bit . Had NVDA gone up that bit maybe I would ’ ve pulled , but the fact it already tripled I knew I had to good a trade .
> I don't drink , eat bacon , or do coke . So ... You ’ re living life like you ’ re constantly preparing for a drug test ...
Well i am one who won ’ t be using FSD . far , far from everyone will want FSD . FSD is actually a very peripheral reason for being in NVDA . But whatever floats your boat .
lmao , dont got to get ready if you stay ready
Hmm I don't do these things either and I'm not preparing for anything lol
Is bacon on drug tests now ? This shit is getting wild !
I smoke pot if someone offers me a free hit . I never pay due to my social skills and charisma . I don't even drink carbonated beverages or bottled water due to the plastic . Keep your costs down by being healthy and social .
It's peripheral now . It won't be in 5-10 years time . Nvidia is valued pretty high currently and they will need an area to expand in to to continue this growth . Automotive is ripe for this . There are literally over a billion cars in the world . Even the tiniest fraction of this market will be a huge growth area for them . It may not even be FSD , but there will be other uses for their chips like collision detection etc . Cars will become computers on wheels and Nvidia will power them .
Probably none of the current generation will use FSD because FSD is developed in current generation and will be used by future generations . Generations who grow up with it will use it only and won't be driving themselves anymore . They won't be afraid of it because they know nothing else . It's the same with every new technology .
So you are living life in Airplane Mode ? :-)
Good luck man i hope you make millions and your family is set for life . Fuck the haters
Wow you really do sound like you have great social skills and charisma , im jealous
There ’ s an entity called Waymo . Check them out .
Not really , people are just into different things .
That is validated by me having a really hot wife 20 years younger than me with whom I have a 7 month baby . Nvidia is going to pay for her private school in America or Switzerland , depending how high it goes , her college will be funded by the GI Bill , ROTC or Academy and I will help her make a down payment on her home , pay for her wedding and if she becomes a doctor or veterinarian , I will fund her private practice .
I did several years ago . I didn't see much there .
Your social skills are amazing man
They have rolled out FSD in few metros . Just responding to the person saying it ’ s not happening for 5-10 yrs . You can order Waymo via Uber app too in some markets .
The FSD money is in the chips and components vs the end products .
I understand your play and wasn ’ t criticizing it . I was just sharing information with the person who said FSD is 5-10 yrs away .
I think retail full nationwide FSD is definitely 10 years away . There are a lot of quirks to work out for the dirt road towns . However , the near term play is the commercial side , running trucks between big cities like LA to Chicago , parking just outside city limits where a human driver picks up the cargo in the morning for last mile delivery . The elimination of human long haul trucking will lower insurance and other overheads , making Walmart and Costco massively profitable . I think retrofitting existing Trucks or motorizing trailers since you don't need the cabin will be an industry ( just like in the logan clip ) . Something we haven't seen before is coming .
It's happening ! ! ! One day nvidia is going to surprise by showing up with the most advanced model .
No surprise . I do the same thing on YouTube all day .
For the gamers out there : > The team also considered how best to add video game footage in the training data . Jim Fan , a senior research scientist at Nvidia , mentioned “ engineering and regulatory ” hurdles involved in capturing life game videos . > “ Update : I have been meeting people from GeForce Now ( GFN ) and will figure out a data plan with them . We will work closely with the GFN and related engineering teams to set up live game data capture , scale up the pipeline , and process them for training . High-quality game videos will be a very useful addition to our Sora effort , ” Fan wrote . “ We don't yet have statistics or video files yet , because the infras is not yet set up to capture lots of live game videos & actions . There're both engineering & regulatory hurdles to hop through . But we will add cleaned & processed GFN data to team-vfm as soon they arrive . ” DLSS 5 will generate the video game straight from video without the game / s
That ’ s crazy .. AI is gonna be so powerful .. a game changer .. the 4th Industrial Revolution .. time to buy more at a deep discount !
Aka exploiting all of humanities accomplishments and taking it as their own
I said before and I think it should happen , basically hyperscalers are trying to eat NV lunch and take out its part of the cake and NV at some point should try to do the same , I would wager NV path is easier then hyperscalers producing competitive effecient chips with all the ecosystem NV already created
Never forget - all of that does not always mean yet another 100 % price growth .. otherwise NVDA would have already been 500 € per share ( according purely to their position with AI GPUs and innovation ) , stock price is not directly connected to what the company is doing .. I am a total noob but already learned it ( by losing a fraction but still hurts )
Buckle up boys and grab what you can now . Downturns should make you happy for the lower price . In a decade or so we will be riding high .
Yeah I always kind of wondered why Jensen didn ’ t just pursue his own model to beat them all and attempt to achieve AGI since he theoretically could control the flow of compute to Nvidia and its customers . But with omniverse and isaac sim , and now this report , it seems like they probably are hiding something behind the kimono . They have the possibility to release a very powerful model someday and most likely are preparing to be the one stop shop for most humanoid robotics makers and digital humans . That ’ s my guess at least . I can ’ t believe how fast we ’ re getting to such a sci-fi reality . One thing I would like to see is more reports of these top level AI researchers that are leaving the other labs end up getting scooped up by Nvidia . Pedal to the metal NVDA !
Does Nvidia have a division that works on models ?
Have you achieved Artificial General Intelligence yet ?
I'm a human scraper
Many thanks , I ’ m too dumb to click link
you need to put / s , otherwise people might think you're serious
Tbh AI is still so rudimentary . I bet that by building something that integrates directly with the chip , they can do some next level things
Adoption is better when other big tech giants are also doing similar things . Plus , the first & foremost is to sell those chips . Everything else is secondary .
Yes . NIMs ( Nvidia Inference Models )
need a few more days ...
He's achieved Human General Intelligence lmao .
gross , but I like it
It only works when you add a microchip to your brain since nothing about you is artificial yet .
I ’ m happy with a modest return to the $ 130-140 range . It ’ s gone up a lot and fast so a slow steady progression and then explode when Blackwell numbers starts hitting and I ’ m good .
150
500 and me dying from an overdose on some island in south east Asia while partying
155-160 short term and 170-180 by year end
Realisticly , somewhere between 0 and 100,000 $
The way it ’ s moving right now and if we see them crush earnings again . I say $ 150
$ 139.54 at close
Realistically , $ 130-150 range by end of 2024 .
Suddenly 140 before earnings isn ’ t unrealistic
$ 175 to $ 190 . That ’ s my prediction . I am diamond handing this one .
$ 185
160
ATH will become new support
160-165 surge
140-150 earnings , slight dip then end of this year 180ish , end of 2025 past 200
You guys need to stop gambling on earnings and short term options plays . Nvidia is a long term buy and hold , and will net you the most money if you just own the stock . My idea is $ 160 - $ 170 as we near the end of the year . Maybe $ 200 by the end of $ 2025 , but there ’ s a lot of unknown variables between now and then so it ’ ll likely be a very bumpy ride until then .
Got a sell order for half my position at $ 150 . I ’ m way overweight in this one position . Fun though .
New Prius and maybe a couple more dogs
My gut says it ’ ll hit 150 + for a couple of seconds before earnings , but anything above 120 sounds about right . I feel that nvda benefits from the outflows of other tech stocks , like Google and Tsla . TSMC had tremendous earnings just prior . NVDA ’ s cash cow is its data center , which seems to have so much more upside .
Dieselcock said 150 so 150 it is
$ 160 - $ 180 assuming they do beat
Everyone is too optimistic
Buy and hold is my motto .
$ 140-150
$ 150
I was expecting $ 150-160 . Which means I should just trim shares at $ 147
Price prediction after earnings ~ $ 131
$ 132
Pre earning we run up to a 15 % gain puts us at 150 . So 130 pre earnings , 150 post .
Lets ride this bish to $ 150 🚀 🚀 🚀
If good , 150
$ 150
I'd sell at 160 . My DCA is too high to hold beyond that .
My feeling is that it will run up until 135 before earnings then drop a few days before back to 125 then shoot up on the earnings and guidance to 145-150 then drop fast down to 120 and pop up to 135 then consolidate around 130 and start climbing up to 175 to the end of the year
I think the real question is when does it peak ? Last earnings it peaked 2-3 weeks after .
150 after earnings , 220 by EOY , 350 by end of 2025
$ 154.28
Here is how this will play out . NVDA will continue to rise up until earnings and then when earnings are released , it will dump as the earnings would have already been baked into the price . If the earnings are below expectations and guidance is poor , it will dump significantly more . So basically sell before earnings and buy back in after at a lower price ... nfa
150
If it keeps going up at the rate it has been , and if earning are as good I we think they will be , then I think high 130 ' s low 140 ' s is realistic .
$ 100 because the market is irrational
$ 140
It MIGHT touch 160 and then settle in around the ... \ ~ 140 range , maybe down to 135 . And then Q3 comes and it'll climb back up to 145 and if the forward guidance is good and Blackwell is ... on track to start shipping in Q4 , we'll see 180 back to 160 .
I ’ m expecting stock to get back to the $ 130s
Huge
155
it will be 170
Between $ 87 - $ 143.78
After EPS % 150 + / - End of Year $ 165 / $ 170 Low $ 200 High . In my perfect world $ 500 + by end of year . lol
Might be an underwhelming earnings . No Blackwell revs so betting on some further capacity expansion at tsmc will boost revs . Expecting a modest beat , and big emphasis on what Jensen says about 2025 will drive the reaction .
One meellion dollars .
I think we get to 135 and settle back around 130 until November with little change until then . Hoping to end the year around 150 and 200 by the end of 2025 .
Even if the earnings beat , there's no guarantee that we'll see a spike . A lot rides on guidance .
Best I can do is Treee Fiddy . As long as I don ’ t have to go back to working the back alley at Wendy ’ s I ’ ll be happy .
$ 160 to $ 175
The number has always been $ 150 . But Wall Street was not going to allow that to happen before 8/ 28 , because it would have gone up to $ 175 post earnings so they tanked the stock , retail sold off , and they bought it back up . It ’ ll rise to 130 pre earnings and hit 150 at earnings and then rise to $ 170 , then fall back to $ 120 for no reason .
88
140 on the day , a 20 % uproar the day after , then a slight dip .
♾ ️
We may test $ 140 again
A nice clean $ 125 after some crazy volatility
$ 140
$ 129
$ 130-135 . More than that is just greed - but maybe I ’ m too humble .
[ removed ]
[ removed ]
$ 85-95 level
ER = influx for certain . Up or down . No clue . But there will be a big influx for sure .
150 $ for a few hours and then a sharp return to sub 120 $
150
Last time it reached 121 , it crashed hard . Will there be no pull backs ?
$ 157 … .. for a fact !
Easily $ 160 .
$ 163
Highest analyst projection 200 lowest 144 .. I ’ d say 150 is a reasonable number .
160 dolars / share 4 days after earnings .
140-145
He'll go up 15 $ 20 and then crash another 30 40 till next earnings
170 after earnings
Lol everyone is so optimistic after this small one week bullish run all of a sudden 😂 😂
probably mid to high 130s . I'm more excited to see the climb after that as all the analysts either reconfirm or increase their price targets
At least 200-230 . So , I'm and optimist .
135
I think it's going to rise to £ 140 + in the run-up , possibly spiking higher post release . They'll then be a sell off from institutional investors when they see it hitting the average 12 month target price . The late to the party traders who brought at £ 120 + will then sell when their stop losses kick in / they see an opportunity to rebuy at a lower price . The price will drop to £ 110 + before rising to £ 135 + in the following few days before pushing on to £ 156-180 in the next 12 months .
All these comments are from the bag holders all saying it's going up ... if course it is bc stocks just go up . This is a great company but the stock is out of range due to FOMO . I made money on NVDA and sold for a profit . This stock is at what 50x forward ? ? People aren't prepared on what can and most likely will happen as soon as the earnings aren't perfect . I have my buy order in at $ 70 . Even if it doesn't hit , I have money waiting while still invested . Portfolio management means selling as well .
we have a sell for a small portion at 135 . lets see if that trips .
I ’ m going to estimate around $ 150
Is there any legit bear case for earnings ?
$ 200
$ 135
140 , last time it ran up this quick , it went down quick too
Maybe 10k .
I'm hoping for at least $ 136 for now , I've got 520 shares at just over $ 45 average , 100 of which were bought over a year ago . The bulk of them just under a year , except for 20 I picked up earlier in 2024 . Considering selling those 100 , which would triple that portion of my investment , then hanging on to the rest . $ 136 seems very likely with the way things are going , just have to keep my eye on it and decide when to pull the trigger since I wouldn't be surprised if it goes above the current ATH in the very near future . Buying at dips right now just seems like I'd be raising my DCA , though if it goes up a LOT in the future it would work out . Just don't know if that would happen or when .
After breaking the ATH , next resistance levels are 143 , 153 , 157 , 163 . I can see it between 175 and 205 between mid Dec and end of Jan 2025 .
When the whole market is over optimistic I expect a tank . I'm very bearish cause I'm thinking ( it can't be this easy ) .
90 $
Also , why aren't we considering what happens if they miss earnings ?
About tree fiddy
169.420
It will go up to $ 120 before earnings , earnings will be great , it will go back to $ 102 afterwards . Amazing earnings are already priced in .
200 !
Down to 80
160 after earnings report . 175 by EOY
137
If you use smci as a reference
$ 140
you will get a spike in sales
After ER , goes to 135/140 , then go down to 120/130 until next ER
110
Dip post earnings like apple
105
Market never go the way traders / holders expect ... I guess it won't go high or down a lot . 115-125
I agree with this range . Maybe up to $ 150 as another comment suggests . However look at how robust the last few days of multi-dollae climbs with no pullback is going .
You guys do realize how warped everyone ’ s thinking is when they view 16 % growth in two weeks as modest , right ? I mean don ’ t get me wrong . I ’ m viewing a similar scenario , it ’ s just that under no circumstances should we view this as a modest return .
Yea I think the same thing sometimes but then I ’ m like na . Win quick and get out
You're delusional lol
gold lambos and super yachts
Hookers and blow
Don't forget them hookers
Ah , the dream
Eerily similar to mine . Pretty much verbatim
Hell yeah
The overdose part might be accurate but it ’ ll be closer to 99 $ due to the profit already being super priced in lol . The better you think an extremely popular stock will do on earnings the worse it actually goes lol
Give us the median 🙃
The way it ’ s going right now , I say chickens develop AI robot limbs and start attacking Chick-Fil-A ’ s across the globe .
Remindme ! 12 days
If you hit this spot on , I will venmo the money for your next beer .
end of 2024 , you mean end of week , right ?
it already hit $ 140 two months before earnings
I read that the last buy point was in the 90s and the new buy point is at 140 .
My 100k gains on earnings plays begs to differ lol .
There is no guarantee nvidia will stay the queen of AI and GPU chips . Competition can arise and bite their profits . One should decentralize their investment across multiple sections / companies . For the near future it looks like a solid buy which makes me think 180 is actually super possible if Q2 and Q3 are positive .
170 AE float around a bit through Q3 and then Q4 drops the hammer into FY26 for them . 200 ez .. drift around repeat
These strategies aren ’ t mutually exclusive . I own 4,930 shares for the long haul but also trade options . 2 weeks ago I bought 31 $ 110c contracts at around $ 7.85 and as of today they ’ re up over 115 % . These are 8/ 30 calls I bought specifically for earnings play .
May be right about the price but Nvidia has been carrying the market again today just they ’ ve been doing all year
I think you have a conservative gut , however I have a delusional one . LOL
in DC we trust
Just beating doesn't mean much . If they barely beat , it's going to drop ... quite a bit . The have to beat by a lot in order to see 160 ... much less 180 .
You prefer pessimism ?
There was a split that hyped up a lot of people , this time is no split
Nvidia recently has typically went down before earnings and then skyrocketed during / shortly after earnings . The time to get it is probably a few days before earnings ( this assumes their earnings are in par with recent quarterly earnings )
We would all love that ! ! !
Lmao
Yes but we hope for the best
That ’ s if they beat by over 15 % .
Weirdly sometimes it is that easy
Somewhat of an oversimplified take and gamble there . Do you have data to support your very bearish take ?
I feel like if they beat earnings , they will need to beat by substantially higher because market makers are like adolescent children and react like one .
Not really an equivalence there.NVDA does software in tandem to hardware .
I think whoever took profit rotated back in , so this 16 % growth wasn't real growth , it was just buyback into position before earnings .
Why isn ’ t anyone mentioning the hookers ?
Never forget !
Sir , this is a subreddit of POSITIVITY
Everyone in Mag 7 has a high p / e ratio . And Nvidia has monopoly pricing power
$ 50,000
Great idea !
I will be messaging you in 12 days on [ * * 2024-08- 27 21:04 : 20 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-27%2021:04:20%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1esxaya/whats_your_price_prediction_after_earnings/liawykb/?context=3 ) [ * * 13 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1esxaya%2Fwhats_your_price_prediction_after_earnings%2Fliawykb%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-27%2021%3A04%3A20%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201esxaya ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
He doesn ’ t need ir if his predictions that good
And promptly fell to what ? $ 95 ?
That ’ s still much less than I ’ ve made by just holding shares , and I ’ m willing to bet your _net profits _ are much lower than this for Nvidia options trading . Feel free to DM me your proof .
My 10M gain on an initial 32K investment from almost 15 years ago begs to differ lol . Granted , there was a lot of luck for nVIDIA to get there with many instances of being in the right place at the right time in the right market with top-of-the-line products , but IMHO , you need considerably more luck with short-term options plays to get the same kind of performance . However , feel free to prove me wrong . Otherwise ... Buy and hold works great ! Less stress , too ! No need to keep your eyes glued to the ticker while chewing on your fingernails .
Put all your eggs in one basket and WATCH THAT BASKET !
you don ’ t understand how to make AI models if you think you can do it without an Nvidia GPU . The resources and requirements to go non nvidia are huge so it ’ s not a real path
I mean of course don ’ t invest all your money into one company if you don ’ t have conviction and intimately research them , but if you own shares you can afford to just sit and watch until they inevitably say supply has met up with demand , and then you can trim . Can ’ t do that with options .
I used to think that NVDA could easily be topped because they easily killed 3dfx , but what I should of thought was , " Wow , they just crushed the market leader and buried them . " Same with NetFlix . Competition can't get good engineers or good patents in this environment .
Sorry , I just don't care for this Nay saying . LOL
Sure , for anyone with half a million or more in shares , sure , fuck around and gamble . No shit that ’ s okay . I ’ m in a similar state where I have a lot of shares but occasionally sell or buy calls against my shares . Do you genuinely believe the majority of people who have posted here in the last month are in that financial position ? I ’ m obviously talking to the many , _many_ people in this sub blindly gambling an over leveraged position because this stock has experienced so much volatility in the last 3 years . They ’ re better off just owning shares first and building their wealth _before_ they play around with options .
i feel like a nice realistic mix of pessimism and optimism is the goal here
Well from the charts its risen in price leading up to earnings and then proceeded to continue its upward momentum post earnings release for the last couple earnings periods . That being said , the reason I believe it will be different this time is simply due to the current valuation being high . Majority of future growth and earings is already baked into the price , leading me to believe that the price will either stay flat or sell off as investors take profits and we resume our downward trend . Again , I could be wrong and we just rip past $ 140 making new ATH's lol
I'm sure . But can't blame a guy for not being suspicious of a good time ?
Apart from experience and observation I'm sad to say nothing technical . All I have is a very oversimplified take
Correct but NVDA is also the gravy train for many of the hedges , you wouldn't want your golden goose to be constipated now would you ?
Marker makers control the flow of price action in a positive gamma scenario . In negative , the swings are more violent . If there is enough interest to one side , then it will go past that level regardless of MM hedges .
I was talking about the 16 % that people are expecting by earning from where we were yesterday and calling that modest . I do believe we may see that . But 16 % in two weeks is simply not modest and to call it that shows lack of experience and perspective . That said , I ’ m in the “ To the moon camp ” ’ too
But .. but .. the hookers ! !
They are called escorts , not hookers anymore . shhh
Sorry . It ’ s gonna go to the moon
It ’ s not just PE , it ’ s optics . What can nvidia say on earnings that we don ’ t know ? It ’ s stellar ? Okay it ’ s been stellar for 3 years now lol . A lot of people have forgotten nvidia is 1200 a share rn technically not 120 lol .
CALL it is then . PS : did you observe the $ symbol position is shifted . The math checks out , if this is a set of 2 numbers .
Remindme ! 12 days
I think it's more about the gesture .
To be fair , everything and everyone fell .
It was $ 140 already so it ’ s not just realistic , it ’ s a reality . Not sure why you ’ re changing the subject to $ 95 . That ’ s irrelevant to your comment
That is implying that the profit taking interest was the sole reason for the rejection at ATH . That was not the case here . What happened a few weeks ago was a product of many non recessionary events that compounded negatively .
The issue is not everyone has the capital to own enough shares to make huge gains from shares like you did , I started with 10k and made around 100k , which I agree if I had got in pre 2016 would have been better in stock . But I started trading last May !
and if you had options you ’ d have even more money haha
His 1,000 % return is exponentially greater than your 149 % ytd . So who really is the better investor ?
I wouldn't want to prove you wrong ! I am in it for the long run too ! ! Long term stock hold and short term option plays are not mutually exclusive , I can buy in for a long term , as well as play short term options BECAUSE I have the risk tolerance . I missed the hype train because I was 13 years old 15 years ago and my whole family's wealth wasn't even close to 32K , I now have to look to ways to generate wealth quickly . Yes you are correct with needing luck , but most of not all my earnings options plays on Nvidea have been profitable , on the stock that seems to be crushing all earnings this seems like a no brainier . And since my options entry cost is never more than 5 % of my entry cost and still one of my highest returning strategies I love it ! !
Where there is will , there is way . Intel were the dominant kings , so were Nokia and look today ... I am invested in Nvidia and don't regret not buying at 450 $ because I didnt expect the finances to come so good . I made a decision based on numbers and I hope I will benifit in the short term ( 2 years ) , bought the stock late 90 ' s $ . Some here are in for short rides crying or celebrating ... its gambling .
[ deleted ]
Yea if we hit $ 140 before earning I prob will just put most of the money in my pocket before earnings . After seeing what happened last month
Odd . Nary a mention of hookers in this thread ? ? ?
It is technically and literally 120 ( $ 122.18 ) a share right now .
Yeah .
Not irrelevant at all . If it hits 200 you have to expect it to fall back to 150 . That ’ s my point .
That ’ s great for you . Happy to hear you made a bunch of money , truly . However , if you don ’ t have enough capital , then work and raise it . 80 % gain is 80 % gain , doesn ’ t matter how much money is put in . That number looks bigger if you have more money , totally agree . _HOWEVER_ , what I said still stands . Over a 5-10 year horizon , you ’ re making more money by just holding shares rather than gambling on timing the market . I get the appeal of making a bunch of money from options long term , I do . It ’ s just not feasible over time relative to buying and holding strong companies like Nvidia .
That ’ s only if I timed the market , which I never intend to do . Could have also lost a lot of money , like 90 % of this sub and 95 % of traders in general . It ’ s not about how much you make , it ’ s about how much you _keep_ .
No it ’ s not . You clearly don ’ t understand how trading works lmfao . Like I said , one 1000 % trade is just one trade . The _net profit _ from trading options is less than buy and hold . There ’ s a reason 99 % of traders don ’ t out trade SPY . You ’ re clearly one of them 😂
Sure , but first they have to design the chip or come up with a completely new technology . In the former case TSMC will be the canary in the mine .
With the exception of 2 year LEAPS , no , you really can ’ t . Options decay in value as you near expiration , and thus the only situation in which it works is if you have massive time on your contracts , which 98 % of this sub doesn ’ t , OR you time the market . The latter is just gambling , and not related at all to investing . Again , options won ’ t provide you nearly as much money if you just buy and hold long term for stocks you really like . I ’ m 99 % sure you haven ’ t made more than me on Nvidia with your options , I ’ ve been holding since 2018 .
I know the term “ Racism ” applies to someone ’ s ethnicity but the complete disregard and frankly the blatant ignoring of hookers in this situation is “ Hooker Racism ” … and I won ’ t stand for it ! ! I ’ m actually going to lie down on my back for it with my hands behind my head , to prove a point of course …
Yeah at 10x shares of last month lol . Just because the numbers smaller doesn ’ t always make it a good buy ☺ ️ I think NVIDIA will go up and up and up . BUT this next earnings report will be a profit take , it ’ ll go up leading into it and then it ’ ll drop when everyone cashes out . Especially think about how many people bought in last week at 95 $ lol . They ’ ll love to dump at 125-130
I still don ’ t see has that has anything to do with it reaching $ 140
Oh for sure I agree that I can't be doing this for like a 5-10 year horizon , I've invested half of my gains in the stock . BUT now with all the hype around this stock it's amazing how easy it is to profit on options IF you buy the dips .
Fair , I ’ ve used leaps as a way to not have to time the market . It ’ s when I get greedy and get shorter term things that ’ s causes stress
Yeah , this is how you get people melting down and arguing that " it's market manipulation , " or that the report of the Blackwell delay caused the stock to " crash 15 % ! " All this despite ... NVDA is always volatile . I think you could reasonably time it with the earnings report , but ... if you just buy and hold , you don't need to . I'm in NVDA until I see Red . Then I'll get out . I learned my lesson in ' 22 when I saw it tumbling and I just held ( though ... again , not sure if I'd have bought back in and that would have been a \ ~ 7 - figure mistake ) . It's people with a DCA of \ ~ 80-100 or higher that are chasing the money with options and will end up getting burned and blaming other things when there are a dozen external factors are risk ( one being if the BOJ raises rates again ) .
Sounds reasonable , I have a high risk tolerance so I go for options , if you want low risk go for stock for sure .
Lol you guys are funny . Each person is different in how they trade . You holding shares for the long-term is one strategy but others like to play options . There's not a right or wrong way to play the markets . It comes down to how you manage your risks . I for one like to buy calls then exercise them to hold for the long-term .
Just admit that he got a bigger return this year lol . Congrats on ur long term success tho
[ deleted ]
It ’ s not called racism , silly . It ’ s just discrimination . Those poor unmentioned hookers .
They ’ ve split multiple times . So by that logic they cost several thousand per share . So has every mag 7 company . The share price is irrelevant . They can change it to whatever tf they want . It ’ s just going to alter the number of shares outstanding
Time in the market > timing the market . It ’ s one of the most commonly accepted tenants of investing between successful investment firms . Technicals are , at best , a snapshot of whatever historical frame you ’ re on , whether that ’ s RSI , SMA , EMA , MACD , VWAP , whatever . It ’ s a measure of previous performance , which is never reliable a predictive measure of the future . 2 year LEAPS _are_ the exception to the rule , nothing less . In recessionary markets , expect a 18 month down and volatile market , two years gives you the ability to hold through that , nothing less . None of this is more performant that paying attention to the financials and health of a sector , what direction it ’ s heading , and who ’ s leading it . Therefore , simple fundamentals and buying + holding will always be superior . Keep gambling though at your discretion .
Of course total shares matters lmao … it ’ s also the price optics of 100 $ vs 1000 $ to retail investors who btw are massive holders of mag 7 . That ’ s why when a mag 7 company reports earnings it ’ ll only go up if they expected bad earnings and it ’ s good or promising for the future . Nvidia telling us ya we sold lots again but less next year is going to be a disaster for the stock . IMO
[ deleted ]
Then you have a poor concept of technology sector . They have a first mover advantage in software as well . Which has puny distribution costs and sticky revenue . Training robots 2x as fast every 6 months . Developing drugs and surgical robots . Self driving technology . LLMs , video generation , And etc . All besides the fact that no one else can sell complete AI builds and solutions
I ’ m not diminishing your gains , I ’ m happy for you , genuinely . However , you ’ re attempting to argue your opinion with fact , which I ’ m simply correcting you on . Again , no , unless you have 2 year LEAPS , you ’ re gambling with your money instead of investing . Doesn ’ t matter if you ’ re risking 2 , 4 , 10 , or 100 % of your account . It ’ s not investing unless you have intention to exercise those contracts . I buy and sell contracts all the time so I get it , but it ’ s with intention to call away or own my shares . I initially simply pointed out that people are being redundant when asking “ wut price next ” . Nobody knows . Just own the stock instead of trying to time a price prediction for more money , because it ’ s the _most efficient way _ to grow your account portfolio . You ’ re not the 0.5 % of traders who out trade the market . So long as you know that , do whatever you please ! Just don ’ t pretend like you have some sort of edge over these algorithmic trading firms lol .
You ’ re not even listening to what I ’ m saying lol . I ’ m saying people are fickle and this next particular earnings report in 2 weeks , it will go down . There ’ s just nothing new exciting plus everyone and their dog is expecting it to go up . ( House always wins ) Then I will bet if the one after that is a beat it ’ ll go up . NVIDIA in the long run will trade at 200 + dollars I ’ m sure . But it won ’ t be on September 1st lol But yeah i didn ’ t even go to college so take that with a grain of salt . The market is sometimes easier to predict by predicting people ’ s reactions to things and not always the product
Yea I have a bachelor ’ s of science in business . You really needed a foundation from years of reading finance news by Wall Street institutions plus business school before you get on Reddit and start making claims with yo broke ass
Lmao I never said I was broke I said I didn ’ t go to college . But I ’ ll see you back here when it falls after earnings lil bitch
I ’ ll see you then , Professor GED
Just tell me when we go lambo shopping
This sub : Bullish signals , stock rising into earnings . Also this sub : NVDA beat but how come the stock went down ?
Anyone in next weeks 117c think we push into 120 by next week .
See y ’ all on the moon
Holding 117-116 nicely .
Calm the fuck down we ’ re not even past 135
we're potentially looking at $ 125 + by Friday and possibly $ 140 + by end of next week ... and touching $ 150 before earnings day ... no financial advice here .
Damn good thing I have this crayon drawing to tell me that Nvidia is bullish right now after going up 26 % in 4 trade days .
[ removed ]
And there was me about to sell 123.50 covered calls . Phew .
This should hold , I sold a $ 122C for Friday just to be sure of it . I know it's just a few $ , but I like to sell FDs just to compensate for any and all commissions generated for the month by selling those way OTM options . If it spikes , whatever , it can be rolled out / up .
The bigger they are the harder they fall
I've sold SOXL this morning for a nice gain since the Monday Japan Carry Trade flash crash . I'm now in NVD this morning ( 2x short NVDA ) . Retail is not aware of the Blackwell delays , period . I'm certain smart money is aware but the guidance I believe since NVDIA regained a lot of the technical damage since the flash crash , is now back to vulnerable imho for lackluster guidance next quarter . We will see !
2 months ago
at 170
I have a mansion and a yacht have you met my wife - Morgan Fairchild ? Yeah , that's it
if we wont get any bad news - 120 next week eeeasy
Next week ? Um Friday !
On the moon ! ! ! , just to refuel because this journey doesn ’ t stop on the moon 🚀 🚀 🚀 💪 💪 💪 🤑 🤑 🤑
That's not even the point .
And then sell all out
30 % increase predicted in two weeks ? Lmao I'd fucking hope it's not financial advice
I called it 6 days ago check the tape
Any delays in Blackwell are made up through hopper sales , which demand still outweighs supply .
There has been confirmed no delays
Not aging well so far . How ya holding up ?
Wow !
lol
It goes to 170 it ’ ll test 200
Your wife is my gf
🚀 er run up commence !
Today
if bitcoin which is basically nothing can go up by 10 % in a day why can't Nvidia which is a real company go up 30 % if there are enough investors worldwide ? currently intel has a higher current and fw pe valuation and it is basically the worst chip company at this point to even buy or hold .
lol this week is way up mainly up due to macro economic concerns being stomped out due to the macro economic data the fed released this week . Has absolutely nothing to do with some chart reading you were doing 6 days ago . If you haven't noticed 95 % of the market is way up .
I ’ m in until the earnings , completely binary trade .
LIFE IS HARD
WUT ? Ok be careful - Morgan is 74 YO so don't blow out her back
Because these gains estimates are the wet dreams of retail investors who band wagoned the nvidia hype and don't know what they're doing . Actual investing is a process over months or ideally years and most in this subreddit would benefit from just investing in the S & P500 and leaving it at that because none of them know fuck all . All the retail nvidia investors are praying for major weekly gain and it's stupid . Edit : the fact you're comparing it to crypto currency just reinforces the fact thst nvidia these days is a gamble despite it being a sound company with s bright future
Lol do you think I'm implying that my chart made the stock go up . I just called the trend reversal through a storm of negative news . Like I said check the the tape .
How ’ s that binary trade working out for ya ? NVD looks to have taken a beating since you got in
Lol you're just proving my point . Reading the Nvidia chart from 6 days ago and " predicting " the reversal is not what happened as the reversal has barely anything to do with Nvidia and everything to do with macro economic concerns being quelled . Reading the Nvidia chart would have told you absolutely nothing about the overall health of the economy . The reason for the rally this week is because of good macro economic data from the Fed hence why everything is way up this week .
Still in , the ER confirmed the first glimpse of weakness in results . Will continue to remain in the position unless something materially changes .
You apparently don't know how this stock works . The media manipulation on this stock is next level . It could have continued down . P ople buying 800k for 80 puts . On and on . This simply was the reversal for whatever reason . I just called it .
You apparently don't know how macro economics work and don't understand that Nvidia was tanking down with the rest of the market before the rally this week . If you think media hit pieces are the sole reason Nvidia tanked then you are truly clueless . For the third time now the entire market was down due to macro economic fears mainly stemming from recession fears . The Yen carry trade unwinding also had a lot to do with the tanking of the market as many large institutions bought Nvidia shares on the Yen carry trade and got margin called when Japan raised rates . News that Japan wasn't going to raise rates anymore also helped the market recover along with good economic data from the Fed thus quelling recession fears . Nvidia rallied this week along with pretty much everything else in the market . You reading Nvidia charts a week ago could not have predicted positive economic news coming from the Fed which is the reason for this weeks rally . You ready Nvidia charts from last week also would not have predicted Japan deciding to stop raising rates on borrowing Yen .
NVDA sub is full of paper hands or people who are filthy rich from investing 10 + years ago .
I prefer r / Lays
We hate on each other so much we don ’ t need to hate anyone outside this sub .
Pretty ironic as you come here to post hate about their subs
NVDA doesn ’ t need to be petty . Biggest winner of the century .
Stay classy san diego
I bought NVDA when Cramer renamed his dog Nvidia . Haven't looked back . I am in longterm and will leave to my grandkids . They will be setup for life , I'm hoping .
Was just reading a comment on the AMD sub and I have never seen more coping on any other sub . I mean it ’ s ok you are happy AMD is doing decent , but do you have to always talk about the MI300 being 100 times better than a H100 . Nobody really believes that
NVDA is a long term hold for me . I was able to DCa down again today . IMO another good stock to look at is SPRY . Do your diligence please y ’ all & let me know what you think
I call it " sports fan syndrome " , lol . I'm sure there's some other psychological mumbo-jumbo diagnosis for it , but I've never bothered to legitimize it to myself by looking it up , and it's everywhere today . Annoys the hell out of me ! It seems to run the gamut with severity ranging from simple tribalism on up to full-blown abdication syndrome . It's perfectly harmless with sports , but today it's EVERYWHERE from cell phones to politics . People that couldn't find their own ass with both hands and a flashlight all of a sudden adhere to very strong opinions they decided to adopt , but may not even understand . Sometimes to the point of self-destruction . I actually pity them to a degree . But I do own just as much AMD as NVDA . My main personal desktop is an AMD 5950x cpu , and my NAS runs on a 9th gen Intel . My house has ipads and Android tablets , and everyone hates me politically because I think the two dominant factions both have some valid points in some ways , and they're both idiots in others , lol . I have a simple saying that I made up as a response to friends falling into it . " Never confuse apesh \ * \ * with batsh \ * \ * . "
Complains about people on other chip subs complaining about a chip sub … . no irony at all .
Looks like the AI stocks are back in the game next week : https://www.ft.com/content/224d049b-5435-4d0b-9a40-e87cb4a8aea0
That ’ s because NVDA proves itself with its financial prowess . We don ’ t need to cope by hating other companies because NVDA ’ s business model and subsequently financials are so damn good .
Everyone already believes that . So , only downside .
you will get your usual ' today we moon ' and the usual worried about investment after buying yesterday posts
NVDA sub is filled with paper hands who bottle it when the stock hits 106 and shit their pants when it hits 100 .
We can be self deprecating because we have the confidence that NVDA is the best and for those who drop and run … . well … . They never were really made of the NVDA stuff .
This isn't even a chip sub . It's a stock sub .. there is a sub wholly dedicated to chip design .
AMD subs , peak of copium .
lol yeah AMD sub is cringe . I think mostly because NVDA ’ s actual good performance and revenue , that we ’ ve gotten more professional traders in this sub .
Lmao this ! Whenever I visit the AMD sub its full of " Intel so bad oh we mooning " with all the spam posts shtting on INTC . Basically feeding on INTC's misfortune . It makes me wanna buy 10 INTC shares and see if karma bites em in the bollocks .
Can confirm knew about it ten years ago , didn ’ t pull the trigger , still broke . I come here to mostly convince myself I have a chance to be rich when my portfolio is tanking .
Goes for amd sub too lol
I put 180 grand in this in 2019 . I took it out like two days later I left like 29 grand in there added a little bit in 20 and 21 and 23 sold some 23 … .
It is . But folks here don ’ t shit on other chip makers for the most part . Agreed there are suboptimal questions from time to time , but have you seen the other 2 subs ?
More millionaires in this sub than almost any other subreddit . I'm here for the long haul , I don't care which way it goes short term , I plan to hold for a long time .
I like turtles
I just hate myself for not getting in sooner .
I primarily hang out on the amd stock reddit . What you say is a little exagerated , but generally valid . However when i note any positive thing for amd vs nvidia here . . . The quality of discussion is notably lower . However i attribute this to nvda just having a massive influx of new investors who are pretty fresh to tech . At times the amd subreddit has similar issues . That being said ive also learned a lot from discussion here .
NVIDIAs competition isn't going to come from another graphics card maker . It will come from custom chips that accelerate one particular AI library . Look at the Google TPU v5p . You can't purchase it , but you can use it in the Google Cloud and if you are using TensorFlow it is the fastest platform you can currently use . Companies like Groq are making less generic chips too that do one particular thing . NVIDIA is killing it because their chips are still pretty generic and AI libraries are not completely mature . My guess is they will get into more custom chips too .
I hear you with this , and it has a little echo of Vonnegut's " granfalloon " in Cat's Cradle . A group whose affinities and associations are as deeply felt as they are unnuanced . That resonated with me so much , especially because my Fundamentalist childhood taught me to be wary of so many secular groups and while also progressively revealing its own superficiality and fallibility to any keen and honest observer . All this has led me to baffled annoyance when people tell me they can't believe I don't have an iPhone , and flirtatious frustration when it comes from an attractive woman 😆 It does make me appreciate even more the people who approach everything with straightforwardness about good and bad , and a lack of superficial loyalty . They're their own tribe lol .
Same .
Yup I tried to warn the newbies … . They panic sold and are now regretting it . Ups and Downs … it will happen . Ai its just getting started .
Send thoughts and prayers , I can ’ t hold the line any longer .
I joke about NVDA being a meme stock to my coworkers all the time . “ Nancy bought so I bought ” . But in reality I was watching the news about the chip shortages through COVID . Then as everything started to bounce back I was weighing the pros and cons of 3 companies - Qualcomm , AMD , Nvidia . Qualcomm and AMD stocks bounced back the fastest and the price went up before I could grab some where I felt comfortable . Took the leap on Nvidia instead , more bang for my buck . They also seemed like they had a solid 5-10 year plan for their chips . Made my money back and + 800 % in 2 years . Yeah , sure . Meme stock market .
to be fair it is most definitely not a meme stock but sometimes can certainly act like one .
I mean what exactly counts as a meme stock ? I just see it as the flavor of the month within the stock world . NVDA is most definitely one of if not the most traded stocks within the online discourse . A ton of new traders have been brought in solely due to the online hype . Id say any companies associated with AI right now are meme stocks . Just to be clear , saying its a meme stock doesn't mean its not actually a good company to invest in . It just means its the hot new sector / company that a lot of people are interested in .
It ’ s a meme stock in the sense that financially illiterate meme stock enjoyers are flocking to it in droves . As a business this is the most profitable fastest growing company in the world . Still not something I ’ m interested in getting back into , 2 + trillion valuation range doesn ’ t leave much upside when ur looking for 10 baggers .
But it is a meme stock . That doesn ’ t mean it ’ s a bad company .
This stock is giving meme stocks vibes
Your post makes it sound like a meme stock . All these newbies who haven't finished puberty were panicking . There were people down what seems like a mortgage's worth and didn't lose sleep .
Not a MEME stock but definitely looking like a short squeeze .
it's the whole market
Any good stock will go down with the market regardless of how good it is ... problem is I bought a lot of shares close to the top . If the market drops more than 10 % , NVDA will drop as well ... it will recover but in how much time ? 1 month ? 1 year ? 3 years ?
When you see Pelosi memes about a stock constantly , it's a meme stock ... stop trying to kid yourselves
Hope we get the chance at $ 100 again in Sept / Oct
Exactly and that ’ s a sad part that these days the new investors day try to follow the market trend - buying and selling stocks on what people say on Reddit or few websites . If you observe people of our parents age or grandparents age - they bought and hold a particular stock ( in which they believe ) for a long , long time and that turn out to be pretty good for them
So what is the conclusion now of the pros ?
Prayers sent digitally
It's not a meme stock , but also not a normal stock . It's nvdia stock .
Touché , the only regret I have is not buying more nvda
Best thing I did was even ignoring the whole D Ramsey advice of never investing in single stocks . It changed my life ! ! ! Let ’ s go ! ! ! Long term
Maybe it was blockbuster
Maybe it was blockbuster
This is normal … calm down or get out .
Wut
fuck diversifying ! ! ! all in NVDA .
Jeez , I should had added / s at the end , people don't like jokes around here
Wall Street doesn't like linear growth , they want to see exponential growth .
For what it ’ s worth , a good company dropping after earnings in an overreacting manner is one of the highest probability buys to bounce back . Not financial advice
You are playing in Mr Market ’ s world now .
So your selling even though I lost good amount , do not sell yet
Tell me you lost a lot of money playing earnings without telling me you lost a lot of money playing earnings lol
As someone fairly new to investing , I always assumed stocks moved based on what the company reported and the macro and news event impacting them . Boy was I wrong , it's just a big game ... and I love it haha .
For once holding stock was the smartest move . Also this makes a good dip buy
The part you missed is the fact that it ’ s growth rate is slowing compared to the previous quarters . The entire bull case of Nvidia is the growth journey . If it slows , the price projections will be less justifiable . The guidance also hinted towards a slowing growth rate .
Wall Street is rigged . Always has been .
nvda already went from 90 to 130 in the last month … what do yall expect
I just happened to buy NVDA stock last July . If memory serves me right , I bought SP500 in October of 2021 and look what happened . We are in the Dark Ages again
Gotta be a good surprise for the boost everyone thought was coming
After reading the comments in this post , I know exactly what I ’ m gonna do come market open . Thanks everyone ! !
It was obvious the only way to make wall street happy was for Jensen to announce graphics cards that shit rainbows .
If the consensus is they ’ ll do good , MM ’ s bet it ’ ll do bad and the house always wins . It ’ s all manipulation .
Tell me you don't understand the market without telling me you don't understand the market ...
what ’ s that quote about the market staying insane longer than me staying rational … .
Lots of idiots with calls / puts getting shaken out
Ahahhaa
Don ’ t trip - be patient . Don ’ t panic sell
congrats on thinking the market is ' efficient ' and ' rational ' .
Nvidia ’ s value is from potential , not realized gains . Earnings mean almost nothing for it . It ’ s all about that guidance .
Nvda should be 200 by q4 2025 its growing at 30 % per quarter . Sit tight , its never been easier .
Patience is the jey
This has been AMD since I've been investing .
Do you think NVDA will get a 5 trillion dollar company next yr ? Thats what it would be if it continues to triple every 16-18 months Valuation will matter as the company matures . Wall Street will always reward the next great thing and the more mature companies multiple will start to compress . Also Wall Street rewards the future , not the current . If AI slows 5 % that factors in .
Good window of opportunity . The stock will return to it's lofty price .
Yall expecting free money ?
Boy am I excited haha . Only had enough spare money to buy 10 shares last time it dipped to the low 90s . Now everyone is super fortunate and get to buy another dip so soon . Let's gooooo !
already went up 10x expecting much more than this . Now should current back to the range of 80-90 . Just think about it . Nvidia market cap is now larger than microsoft : This is madness bro . Correction has never been necessary more than this .
True , but that doesn't mean anyone is obligated to buy their stock or hold on to it .
The only one who lost here is the ppl who sold bc negative comments of ppl who think they know more than anyone
I ’ d say the opposite . Individual Investors don ’ t like linear growth , which is why they bought the stock valued at 75x earnings , which is double than other very successful very rich tech companies . If NVidia goes to normal mag 7 valuation based on their huge success ( including today ’ s earnings ) , the stock needs to be priced at about $ 70 . You ready for that ? There are basically 2 ways for the valuation to even out . Either the company grows MUCH faster than today ’ s earnings . Or the stock price goes down to 35x earnings . There ’ s literally no other way other than it becoming a meme stock with huge nonsense price swings
You are correct
Damn right . Hence not worried with the drop at all .
You have to admit though , NVDA was a lot more fun when it was Pee Wee ’ s Playhouse
You ’ re right , it ’ s how it works right
And his money .
No no not selling ever for a long time !
Just a little vent post about the lies in the media and the extent of them I guess I shall say
Haha no I ’ m in for the long run but just some food for thought
This is a classic case of " buy the rumor , sell the news " " priced in " etc . Magnificent earnings were priced in . Needed extraterrestrial .
It is based on what they predict will happen next quarter . This is called the guidance . The only people who care about the actual results are noobs . I was saying this before . Guidance didn't hit the loftiest expectations . That's why it went down . It is that simple .
A few weeks ago , people here said they were buying the " dip " when the stock hit 115 . Then it went to 90 .
used up all my buying power because i thought today was the dip and the price will be at the 130 range after earnings report . just going to sit back and watch people enjoy buying the dip .
I see , thanks for giving me that insight and knowledge .
This should literally be pinned to every post .
What ?
Explain it to me then ?
* than me staying solvent
No ! ! ! I ’ m expecting the news outlets and media to not portray it so negatively
It's not going down to 80-90 ... good grief . The funds are selling after hours to freak people out and will be buying by the bucket full in the morning when all these worry worts start panic selling .
Of course not but it ’ s how Wall Street and the media is portraying it
It ’ s valued at 40 times earnings using a forward multiple . It doesn ’ t have to drop to 70 bucks . If the stock dropped to 70 it would have a 24 forward multiple using the new earnings . Which would most likely drop to like 12 by next year if the stock stays at 70
It ’ s crazy how you confidently type this , yet seasoned analysts think the opposite , and everyone today has thus far raised their price target on Nvidia given its amazing quarter with its beat and raise on both the top and bottom line . You do realize for growth companies , forward PE is the metric to evaluate , right ? You surely also realize that since the earnings estimates were beat and raised , the forward PE goes DOWN , assuming the stock doesn ’ t move at all ( which it did and even lowered , dropping the PE even more ) . Nvidia is now _cheap_ relative to price targets and prior earnings reports . Of course you don ’ t know that though , you think it should be $ 70 and think you ’ re the outlier . That you ’ re right , and the professionals / analysts are wrong . What a fucking joke this sub is now .
Yeah , I have some Nvidia shares that I'm not selling for at least 40 years . But I know I wasn't going to try to play earnings with calls or puts . Every single time I've tried to do earnings , I've always been wrong . So I sat this one out and am just laughing right now .
It is unheard of for a company of that size to grow + 100 %
Yup just an eye opener . Today I was only looking out for guidance , I have learnt that quickly enough .
Everyone thinks it ’ s going back up . Buy more puts ! Duh . Love me some $ 90
Put
Check my comment history . I explained what conditions Nvidia was up against last night on WSB and why I sat out earnings . The market won't stabilize for a few more months at the very least . If you check institutional ownership , buying occurred during the dip around $ 90 then there was a wave of sales right after the ( very quick ) recovery . Who was left to buy to drive up the price and take on the ( very high ) risk at over $ 3 trillion in valuation ? ( GDP of US is ~ $ 23 trillion , for reference ) Something else to keep in mind is most tech heavyweights already enjoyed their growth runs from the late 2000s to 2010s . There's very limited space for upward movement unless the the entire market is growing ... and it's currently not ( and S & P was already near ATH ) . Most big companies are on a hiring freeze and cutting expenses . Similiar to most families , companies are waiting on rate cuts before making big purchases . Institutional investors aren't thinking that now is the time to take risks and retail isn't able to move a big cap . All giant red flags that set the tone for the market .
If you do not bullshit no one thinks you cannot speak .
It ’ s also a highly cyclical industry . A forward PE of 40 is higher than a company like MSFT at ~ 26 . Yes NVDA is growing faster but there will come a down cycle and because of that it doesn ’ t get / deserve the premium that MSFT has achieved .
Can I ask how long you've been invested in this stock ? You sound like a neophyte to be honest . You're acting like people being hones about the stock are the crazy ones when you're just looking at " expectations , " and you don't even fully understand them . I've been in since Jan of ' 20 . I bought 1000 shares . That with two splits became 40,000 with a cost basis of 5.90 I bought back in and picked up 1500 more this last fall with a cost basis of \ ~ 64 before the last 10-1 split . I've been in for 5 years . I've seen NVDA's earnings all over the place , from missing to massive beats . If you don't understand that a marginal " beat " is bad for the stock , lower margins ( I'm a little worried with how low they're going to go as Jensen said they will go lower on the call ) and missing on net revenue for a GROWTH company like NVDA is in " no way a miss , " and you're using analysts price targets , you are out of your depth and you need to get into EFTs . If you knew nothing else about this company than the fundamentals right now , there would be ZERO reason to stay in and I'd take the 55,000 shares I've accumulated and sell . But I DO know something else about this company . They have Blackwell coming out . They won't see the profits on that for two more Quarters ( or rather not next ER , but the following ) and they won't see the true breadth of that revenue until the following year . The professionals WERE wrong . They were expecting closer to 32-34 B and a more definitive answer on Blackwell . They didn't get it . That's why I'm risking mid 7 figures and staying in . Because I believe NVDA will get back and have better quarters and they have so much cash , they can afford a buyback . But with this earnings , they should not be a 3.2 T market cap , much less the 4-5 T that was suggested . Sorry .
Do you think a recession is coming and if so when ?
Thanks for the clear explanation / justification .
Not really , but doesn't matter what I think .
The market is overvalued and is most pronounced in the tech sector and even more pronounced in semiconductors . The hype train is losing momentum . It can't keep increasing at the pace it was since late 2022 . Tech is going to plateau for the next 6 months ( at least ) as true valuations catch up to stock prices .
All these speculations . Will it hit 130 , 140 ? Will it go down ? Up ? NVDA is a long-term stock . I bought because I believe it in it . I hold it during drops , hold it when it rises . When it does go over $ 140 , I will take some profits , but holding ... Just sit back and enjoy the ride !
So you think on monday it hill hit 140 , tuesday sink back to 120 ? that's quite the prediction .
I'm buying some cheap weekly puts if it reaches 140 . Not going crazy with it , just buying enough to halfway cover a drop back down and selling right away . If it doesn't drop at all , then the cost of my puts will be covered by my calls if the stock goes up a few bucks .
There are many factors . One of them is that there are always whales swimming around , waiting for the opportunity to sell off if they feel share prices are stretched , before or after earnings . So , it's possible to come back to $ 120 , but there's just no way to know . I believe it will , because it seems that we return close to where we were in the first week after earnings , because rumors start coming out , and uneducated investors are swayed whichever direction the rumor mill is herding . I hope Nvidia does consolidate . I would like to see it go sideways for a while , and bring the PE ratio down . That would give us months to continue to invest / dollar cost average at a discount until Blackwell shows up on the reports .
All time highs by close on Wednesday followed by a minimum 10 % bump after earnings . Anybody selling before then is going to watch the bus leave without them .
Let me say this , if you are a long term investor like myself and I got into Nvidia in 2015 @ $ 20.00 per share . It has paid college tuition for 3 kids and back then I knew this era would materialize and boy did she ! I am up 200 % this year 250 % over 2 years ! I have to pay taxes and I will pay them with previous profits and I still have a few thousand shares left . Palantir is the next Nvidia ! It ’ s gone up quite a bit and I can ’ t see a big drop but some people will take profits ! Unbelievable company that they have !
Been building and holding for 8 years . The thesis has only started over the last year , and it ’ s a long way to 2030 . But for it to truly break out , it would be best to pulled back to 120 and below , that will complete the IHS on the daily . The overall move at the moment is still bullish , and it ’ s currently bouncing off the downtrend of the last couple of months . Anyone holding needs to understand that Jackson hole was great , but it ’ s a better story for companies further out from high cash flow and low debt . It ’ s better for small caps , etc . So we will likely see rotation to continue out of mega caps . After the Yen carry trade , I follow the opinion that there is still a lot of liquidity still out of the markets . The Yen is still volatile , and to me the markets did go super crazy and speaking specifically to NVDA , they ’ ve moved to almost to the cent through every level of support and resistance in both directions . I ’ m long term , but I do use leaps and hedges to protect and build my position .
Maybe it will go to 140 , but I think the market is going to pull a big F U to the entire options chain on earnings with absolutely little movement . If I was playing options , I would sell cc ’ s or naked calls ( $ 140 and $ 135 ) for 9/6 expiration I would close those calls the day after earnings for profit because I think 115-120 is a nice entry for after earnings . And then I would target mid September for $ 140 calls . Thing is gonna be a nothing burger before rockets lift it for a strong september
I think it will stay at 130 before earnings and stabilise at 140 once the dust settles after earnings then climb up to 150 end of year
There's been constant downward pressure by the big traders to keep the price below 130 leading up to earnings . If it breaks and then holds above 130 , the price will then shoot up to the next target price at 145 . They don't want that to happen before earnings as it will minimise their gains . Look at the volumes over the past 3-4 days . There's a reason every time there's a big buy that there's an equally big sell . 130 until earnings . 145 + afterwards . It's irrelevant , anyway . Geforce Now is where this stock is headed after the AI bubble bursts . Those earnings will make these look like peanuts .
Unlikely if you have any decent TA skills you ’ ll see the ichi clouds on daily + fib resistances at 130-135
I ’ ve been investing for 5 whole months . This stock will go up . I seenz it .
140 to 120 all before wednesday ? lol that's a lot swing
This is why Reddit sucks
So in a three day span it will go to $ 140 then $ 120 , all before earnings . Yeah , this place has gone to 💩
Probably will not go past 130 before ER . 140 post ER .
I don ’ t that ’ s even possible
If you included the extended hours , it certainly could have that much of a swing .
Posts like this prove why it'll be a bumpy ride to bigger # ' s ... so many sell walls and paper handed amateurs diluted among the long positions .
it ’ ll ramp up if anything . it likely won ’ t dump unless some bullshit news story .
If there's a huge bump Monday or Tuesday I'm selling calls . They can always be rolled forwards it it shoots through them .
For sure selling if it hits 140
Just buy . Go long , and forget about it .
[ removed ]
It will get pumped
Whats your analysis ? Just cos ? This place is mental
It will hit 150 after this earnings call
yet , another stock psychic . let me ask Nostradamus to confirm your prediction .
You feel ? ?
It ’ s been at 140
Definitely the same story as the Jackson Hole Symposium this past week
Called it
You and I have the same though during Q4 earning in 2023 . And guess what happen to my put .
every grandma is waiting to sell after earnings and some day before ... I think we will first see 115 before we see 140 in future
It won't even hit 135
Yep . These people don ’ t get it man . It ’ s the wallstreetbets effect . I ’ ve been investing for almost 30 years and I ’ ve never seen an opportunity like NVDA . This is like if a company invented , and developed a monopoly , on fire or electricity and us having the opportunity to invest in it before everyone wakes up to what ’ s possible with those things . NVDA is manufacturing digital brains and intelligence . There is immense value in that and so many people don ’ t understand that yet . Wake up !
Lol for sure . Guess people just need something to talk about
RIGHT . NVDA is not a meme stock with no earnings and no prospects . It is an established company that has reached maturity as a real company . If day trading were profitable everyone would do it . People who time the market are either incredibly lucky or go broke . I have a casino within an hour ’ s drive if I want to test my luck .
When you say take some profits are you going to sell for your profits ?
New to stocks but when you take some profit your selling shares . Do you buy same amount of shares later when it dips so you can get back to old share amount ?
Some folks ( OP ) will write anything to get attention .. Edited to add : Anything is possible , but seems unlikely the stock will rise then drop 15 % in the next three days before ER 8/ 28 .
Looots of people will actually sell before ER . As they fear it will dump .
My call heavy straddle would love this . Lol
What strike you were looking at ?
why pltr is next to nvidia ?
i did this evaluation and came to the conclusion that PLTR is not the next NVDA in that NVDA is this generation's AAPL and GOOGL in terms of opportunity and disruptiveness . the solid financials , moat are way too ahead of anything else in the market
How do you plan to hedge for this earnings ?
I sold covered calls on my shares strike 140 9/20 monthly when it dropped back in low 100 ’ s … Got a Nice Premium . Seemed safe , I really don ’ t want to loose them but I have made 2 banger with a cost of $ 67 @ share .. Maybe time to ring the cash Register if they get called away … This is the second time I have owned them and I will sell some puts in and find another entry point . I feel 50/50 on blasting thru 140 . Hope not I would like to keep the OTM covered calls in play … Good luck to all … Old Guy
You called it !
agree
All the numbers in your comment added up to 420 . Congrats ! 130 + 140 + 150 = 420 ^ ( [ Click here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=LuckyNumber-Bot&subject=Stalk%20Me%20Pls&message=%2Fstalkme ) to have me scan all your future comments . ) \ ^ ( Summon me on specific comments with u / LuckyNumber-Bot . )
I have seen price targets mostly say 150 ... very rare I see a price target that says 175 , 200 , or 250 .
Hells yeah ... I done seens it too . It came to me like a vision while I waz shoveling pig shit in my bacon farm in Arkansas .
It only took about 30 minutes
I'm hoping the next 3 days it dips and bounce back when earnings is reported .
Paper handed amateurs ... lol love it . 🤣
[ removed ]
I don ’ t disagree but I think lots of people understand it hence it ’ s meteoric growth and valuation . Are you saying growth will continue unabated as before ? I think it ’ s still got steam but not fire .
Ya but a lot of the growth been priced in .. 3-4 trillion is a shit ton of money , and money doesn ’ t grow on trees .. maybe in 5-10 years it ’ ll reach 10-12 trillion but again that ’ s probably super optimistic
This / \ \ !
AI is a compute problem , in a few years there'll be asics for standardized models that run AI on edge devices . Thier bread and butter will come from cloud providers and big tech r & d
i understand NVDA's journey now , it's like halfway or a fraction of its journey to the top , like when apple or google were growing . but don't you think we can earn more if we buy / sell nvidia sorry i'm just a beginner investor , but there's a lot of volatility during earnings and don't you think we can take advantage of that and take profit
Of course .. that is the only way I know .. unless you know of another . I bought about 140 shares on margin when the stock went down . I will pay that back and then some ... Have surplus in my account for those very red days .
I actually try to buy more if I can during the dip . It all depends on how much money is available , etc .
I dunno maybe not 15 % but we have been getting used to wild ass swings that make zero sense lately . Kinda just don't check your broker
I think Monday we ’ ll ride the bull energy from jokes comments and Tuesday we ’ ll see some pullback as people exit before earnings but nowhere near 15 % , maybe up to 133 and down to 125
Yes but people also buy in for ERs . The stock will go up 10 % after close right before the announcement then we'll know if it's good news , if so maybe another 5 % due to selling . If it's bad we'll see + 10 go to -8-15 %
I have 120 calls right now that expire in a month , so I'd probably get 130 puts if the stock hits 140ish , and more of the same if it hits 150 . If they expire worthless , then it means my calls did well lol
They can solve problems with A / I better than anyone else ! Amazing company with great reputation in the military and government sectors . AIP has been embraced by healthcare , manufacturing and it is worth the time to learn about the distinct advantages that they have over all the others in the space . Pltr is a good choice to make a lot of money in the next few years . CEO ’ s that are not using pltr will lose their jobs as the competition blows past them !
Yes , there is no discussion Nvidia will go down in history as the most transformative company in the computing industry . Robots and their Nvidia drive Px and ifortanement system being installed in vast quantities today ! we are going to be catapulted the Wealthy Wednesday cub
Good bot
I doubt we'll see the stock level off at anything over 150 by the end of the week , regardless of how positive the earnings call is . No doubt it'll spike well north of that temporarily , but it won't be sustained . There is excitement around NVDA , with good reason , but serious investors are going to be pragmatic . There are going to be plenty of opportunists jumping on the AI bandwagon , pumping in relatively small amounts of cash and hoping to make short-term gains on based on Nvidia's performance over the past 24 months , but I feel that the big investors are beginning to sober up and realise that the end-users of these AI chips are yet to turn their hardware into long-term financially sustainable products / services . If that continues , and Alphabet / Meta / Microsoft / etc decide to reduce their AI spending , then I don't see Nvidia's short term value increasing significantly over the next 12-24 months . Certainly not to the degree it has increased over the previous 12-24 . In my opinion , Nvidia's true breakthrough product is going to be Geforce Now . They've already announced a 10 year partnership with Microsoft : ( [ Microsoft integrates Nvidia ’ s GeForce Now into its Xbox game pages - The Verge ] ( https://www.theverge.com/2024/7/17/24200819/microsoft-nvidia-geforce-now-integration-xbox-store-pages ) ) . Microsoft have also all but confirmed that they're all but moving away from console R & D and instead focusing on becoming a Publisher / Studio : ( [ Xbox going third-party and stepping away from hardware , says insider ( gamingbible.com ) ] ( https://www.gamingbible.com/news/platform/xbox/xbox-going-third-party-stepping-away-hardware-insider-633710-20240205 ) . Nvidia and Microsoft have already laid the groundwork for a Netflix-style ' Games on Demand ' service by making their Game Pass library available via Geforce Now : ( [ Microsoft Xbox Game Studios , Bethesda , and Activision Blizzard games on GeForce NOW . | NVIDIA ( custhelp.com ) ] ( https://nvidia.custhelp.com/app/answers/detail/a_id/5462/~/microsoft-xbox-game-studios%2C-bethesda%2C-and-activision-blizzard-games-on-geforce#:~:text=GeForce%20NOW%20supports%20Xbox%20PC,been%20released%20on%20GeForce%20NOW . ) . Technically all that needs to be done is to release an affordable , user-friendly Xbox-style Geforce Now streaming box ' console ' for the home and significantly increase server-side capacity to cope with an increase in demand . Geforce Now is still largely under the radar , especially for the majority of console gamers , but it has been proven to be a legitimate , cost-effective alternative to owning a high-end gaming PC : ( [ GeForce Now 4080 : The Cloud Experience ] ( https://youtu.be/cSq2WoARtyM?t=762&si=hC6k2axlkIgdsRym ) ) and gives users console-beating cost-effective on-demand access to their libraries anywhere that they have a broadband connection . I suspect that Nvidia and Microsoft are set to revolutionise the way people play games in exactly the same way as Netflix revolutionised the way we watch Movies and TV . Traditional consoles and gaming PC's will go the way of DVD and Blu-ray players , with only the enthusiast market opting to have a purpose-built , bespoke games machine in their homes . 95 % + of consumers will opt for affordable , integrated / set-top streaming options instead . That's when Nvidia's ( and Microsoft's ) value is * really * going to blow up . And I haven't even touched on what the same partnership could mean for enterprise level cloud computing , with Microsoft already offering a viable cloud-based Microsoft 365 Office suite . Apologies for the essay , but I just wanted to put out there why I feel that the current excitement around NVDA is somewhat missing the mark . They're so much more than AI , and their earnings over the next 5-10 years are going to utterly eclipse what they can potentially achieve in the next 12 months . I'm not nearly as excited for now as I'm excited for then .
I keep my Arkansas Toothpick in muh truck in case mother bitches try and cum for my NVDA stonk .
Reading comprehension lacking . “ Before earnings ”
My belief is that we still have a ways to go before needing to be concerned that a slowdown in AI chip spending will happen . When the Nov ‘ 22 ChatGPT moment happened , I started to focus in on NVDA and I learned that they were going to most likely be the biggest beneficiary of the new tech . I dove in with a heavy position in spring of ‘ 23 . Since then I have immersed myself in gen AI and its breakthroughs on a daily basis . The breakthroughs I ’ m seeing , and an understanding of how that is going to eventually be able to automate a tremendous amount of knowledge work , has me believing that we are just seeing the tip of the iceberg of the opportunity of owning NVDA . And don ’ t even get me started on the humanoid robot technology that NVDA will have their hands in . Next , let ’ s think about regulatory risk . My belief is that the govt will leave Nvidia alone because we can ’ t afford to slowdown and let China overtake us in AI . Pretty much everything I see is a tailwind for NVDA . I think we have at least 3-5 years more of steady gains , probably even breath taking gains . Just my opinion and definitely not financial advice . I ’ ve never been as bullish on a ticker as this one . What a time to be alive !
AI is the fire . Data is the wood . NVIDIA is the oxygen . We ain't running out of wood anytime soon .
I think trying to time the market is very hard to do and because none of us know when things will go up and down in NVDA , we risk exiting at the wrong time and missing out on an upward run . For me , buying and holding is the way . I have not sold once since accumulating large positions early last year , and adding throughout the year and it has paid off nicely so far . I haven ’ t sold on any of the dips , i ’ ve just accumulated more during the small corrections . I ’ m not even considering selling some of my holdings until NVDA becomes a $ 7-10 T and my belief is that happens in the next few years barring any unforeseen macro economic or geopolitical event .
Isn ’ t it better to hold all your profits there since you plan to invest for so long ?
I don't think it will be so dramatic on a pullback before ER , in fact there may be a slow grind up into ER from new investors FOMO .
The amount of people buying just before the ER is significantly smaller than sellers . If you wanted to buy before ER why would you actually wait till the last moment and not buy when it was at or below 100 ? This makes absolutely no sense . And one more thing . Options also . You are not buying just before ER because IV will just kill your gains . So no . You Wont have same amount of buy and sell .
A lot of this been priced in . Big money known about AI for years hence the parabolic growth . It ’ ll grow a bit from here but not nearly what we saw before .. the market is always a couple years ahead of retail
Also , long term capital gains ( from holding for a long time and not trying to time the market ) -> much much more favorable than short-term noise trading !
thank you . this makes sense now
I borrowed money on Margin ... Once I make some profit , I NEED to pay that money . I was fortunate enough to make money off someone's else's money . Besides , it is always good to put money on the side for when the market goes FULL RED .
Remind me and I'll show you examples . Happens often
Yeah man , i ’ ve been hearing about “ pRiCeD iN ” since $ 300 a share pre-split . There is no way the replacement / augmentation of a huge chunk of global labor is priced in yet .
Soooo . How is it going 😂
Replacement / augmentation of a huge chunk of global labor is also not a certain ( or even likely ) outcome of GenAI .
He said " a lot of this has been priced in . " It has . What do YOU think happens if NVDA just hits it's earnings ? You're going to see a \ ~ 15 % or more drop . That's if they come in right on the line and hit forward guidance . So that means ... the a LOT of growth is priced in . I think you'll continue to see them beat by quite a bit , but that's all you need to know , if they hit earnings , don't beat , don't miss , just hit , what does the stock do ? That'll tell you if growth is priced in or not .
Made about 400 on puts and loaded up with 2 additional calls that even and positive . Have 1 call down 100 . Sold another at 50 loss on a roll .
Down about 500 in nvda stock . Up about 15 in nvdl and rising
Down 50 on sbux put
But the stock is Down.right ? Is not last minute going up because more people are buying :)
Bro you dumbass , that's Wednesday at CLOSE before the earning announcement
But prior to Wednesday I expect it to go up yes .
Hahahaha . Last minute up from the minute before counts for what 😂
slow boy , i see how it goes up :D
Yeah , at close you'll see it spike . Then news then you see real results
Much better day . Lost just alittle on puts since I caught a downswing . Rolled my calls to closer to ITM . Haven't decided if I'll keep options over night .
Hahahaha . The same spike at every single close ? Cool 😂
No once again . That's on Wednesday ... you're slow . I mean up from 127
Hahahaha . Okay 😂 if you say so 😂
Hold ? If we dip I ’ m buying more !
Invest in companys , not stock . What more are there to say ?
Stop creating these kind of stupid topic ! This is not a cult like GME or AMC ! People do what they like and again and again , retail buying or selling does not affect much the market unless en masse in short squeeze like but NVDA is not !
just a cheap gimmick by the media to deceive people into selling right before the nvda earnings date , typical scamming losers
Dont worry guys , I sold expecting a dip , that means + 10 % today .
Aye aye captain 🫡
I sure hope my 8/ 23 calls don't get fucked even further 🤣
We buying tomorrow thru Friday !
Who says we dropping though ? Idk why everyone expects NVDA to always be green lol we need these red days they do more good then harm we get more buyers more profit takers . And people like to buy low always so we can be assured more takers . The report coming Tom may be why we are red but a good report and we ripping the ceiling
Come on , man ! I am buying more if it dips .
I'm holding but the delay in blackwell could be brutal if it hits the numbers hard .
Yes dip more so I can buy more . But do I recommend buy some short term put before earnings for the unexpected may occur .
Phhht . ... I'm holding for 20 years ...
Keep buying baby ! !
Paper hands about to fuel the next move lower
🌴 🛥 ️ 🚢 🛳 ️ 🎣 ☀ ️
What about Thursday ?
Alright , here's a dumb question I've been a bit embarrased to ask . What's with the advice of holding when the person giving the advice is predicting a downfall ? Why not give the advice of selling and then buying when it dips ? I really don't get the hold mentality . Can someone explain ?
8/ 30 calls anyone ? Or will IV kill me .
You know shit is nearing the top when regards start using “ we ” , “ moon ” , and “ hodl ”
✋ 💎 🤚
None of these posts are moving this 3 trillion dollar company anywhere
😹 😹 😹 bro i know like 10 people who panic sold yday
Can i pay you to trade opposite of me ?
Thank your for service .
but the tax cut for short term is pretty high compared to long term
Probably going further down cuz apparently this stock cannot rally in peace all the way up to earnings without taking a 10-15 % hit in the back of its head
The hard lesson is you can't time the market . You can expect a 10 % dip and get a 20 % gain for no apparent reason . Timing the market is just pure gambling most of the time . The question should be , do you believe in the stock mid-long term or not ?
Cause you can ’ t time the market .
Yes 😐
Or when they say they ’ re buying NVDL
we hodl all the way to the moooooooon
This is The most sense written in this sub ever-thank You
I know you can't time the market , but the question is more of a hypothetical where the person giving the advice believes it will happen for sure : " Hey , this stock you have will definitely drop in value within X days , do not sell it because the value will rebound " Wouldn't it make more sense to say " Hey , this stock will drop in price but it will rebound , so I suggest you sell now , wait until it drops , and then buy again as it will come up , so you'll make a profit "
Is that a buy or a noose tie
Because if it doesn ’ t drop you ’ re still making gains , if it does drop you can just buy more , you benefit both ways and don ’ t cut yourself out of potential earnings .
Fair point .
Yes 😐
No but seriously I'd probably buy after or if we get a smaller dip towards the 123 range
Most of what you're saying is the opposite of the scenario I'm asking about which the original person in my hypothetical scenario believes the stock will simply rebound back to the same price . > don ’ t cut yourself out of potential earnings . Now , when you say earnings . Are you refering to the dividend ? Wasn't the last one like $ 0.01 per share ? Or are you referring to good earnings , meaning the stock price will go up ? My thinking , by looking at the increased volume ( huge since July this year ) and volatility lately is that NVDA has now become a popular stock and people are just jumping on and off the bandwagon and that's what's causing all the blips , as it continues to go up . My thinking is , having knowledge of this , the risk of selling when it peaks and buying when it dips is reasonable , potential earnings be damned because it only climbs in blips . You only lose if you get carried away by a slightly bigger blip than one predicts , but if you hold and wait , you can catch another wave . Again , I'm not really sure I know what I'm talking about lol . I've just been doing these dumb ass trades with zero knowledge of the numbers and have just been predicting public sentiment based on what people generally say in forums / news . I make predictions purely based on what hype dictates by mostly predicting these blips . I've done relatively well this year .
Makes sense . I'll probably buy on Friday .
Just buy more and hold ... diamond hands ! Buy regular when you have the dough , and hold long . Forget dips . You will be in a happy place 3-5 years from now .
In Jan when NVDA was about $ 1.2 T company , how many of you had really thought NVDA will be $ 3T company in 6 months by July 2024 ? None of you , right ? And , with upcoming Blackwell chips , NVDA ’ s dominance of AI has increased way more than it was on 1/1 / 2024 . It ’ s a one-horse race for many more years ! Once in a lifetime opportunity folks . That ’ s how I see it .. but I can be wrong 😃
Ask yourself if literally everybody and their mother is talking about how this will be a blockbuster earnings then why would it rocket AFTER ? If everyone already knows it should be priced in right ?
Well for what ’ s it worth Cramer just said NVDA could hit $ 500 by EOY .
Def don't keep those 8/ 23 ' s through earnings is my financial advice .
I am hoping 140 by end of week and 150 before earnings day , 175 by mid September ... I had called out to sell three to four weeks back that it will drop to 115 or below and thereafter big crash I had called out 125 touch of past Friday ... I am hoping my other calls here come out true ... no financial advice here ...
I found the video , Cramer said ONE DAY IT COULD HIT $ 10T .
Everybody is so confident lol . I put all i can and i need to start begging to gather more capital
I have 8/ 30 NVDA calls @ $ 128 . Why won't you hold through earnings ?
I smell $ 200
I just bought one 8/ 30 122 call on Monday for shits and grins . Not sure when would be a smart price point to sell it .
What is a good number to put a Call on for 9/20 expiration ? Learning each day but doing it on RH … was always told to get atleast one month out of the THETA eats u up … thx for any true help in advance .
I cannot believe the stock market exists . We don't own anything , but we make money ( dude it's horrible how much I've made in the last year ) without doing any real work . I've done no work and I make more from the market , three times as much . Also , I'm a doctor . WTF .
I just bought 5k shares for similar reasons - I plan on selling 50 5DTE CC ’ s @ 132 when the market opens tomorrow . What are your thoughts / expectations on this week for NVDA ?
Like I always say pessimism can be expensive 😄
Don ’ t say none of us lol . But I was definitely skeptical they could live up to my hopes .
This is how I was thinking . I closed my positions today for a profit . However , there's a part of me that regrets closing early . I think the stock will rally further till earnings and might not move after .
my dick will hit the ceiling tomorrow night
That would make it a $ 12T stock . I'm quite optimistic about the stock , but nowhere near * that * optimistic .
Link ?
So back to $ 50 then ...
saw the video on YouTube . It ’ s Cramer so it ’ s exaggerated as usual .
Jinxing so hard eh
Did he really ? Lol .
Scary , Cramer has a good track record of being wrong
If it does . I might retire early .
this dumbass didnt even get your joke lmao
I usually don ’ t keep options beyond Wednesday close .. but again that depends on several other things like news etc 😃
Cramer is why I bought NVDA 2020 , and 2021 ( and ever since ) with an average price of $ 9.75- $ 17.32 . People can say what they will about him , but he was absolutely right about NVDA !
You ’ re under arrest
Well , my friend , hope is not a plan ! You should have some plan / strategy if you want to make money in options !
hope your happy with selling at 132 .
I hope you didn ’ t sell at market open today 🤔
that's right . sometimes people don't see that for us bulls , the risk of doing nothing outweighs the risk of investing .
I am very dubious Cramer actually said this , smells like fake news to me tbh .
Overbuying where demand far exceed the available trading supply can on occasion cause weird stuff to happen to pricing in the very short term . It doesn't mean the company is actually worth 12T . As soon as selling volume catches up , price would crater .
I think nvda will be 12T eventually . Not quickly tho
It ’ ll be on his OF account 🤣
Doesnt know ER date
i dont do options so can anyone explain the joke ? pls
I ’ m just a chicken but $ 30,000- $ 40,000 profit in 2 weeks on 600k is good enough . Pigs get fat , hogs get slaughtered . Remember that .
lol no I ’ m holding at least until earnings , maybe after .
I was unable to find it , so , agreed .
There was a headline on CNBC that NVDA could “ quadruple returns ” so I assume the OP translated that to a $ 500 share price . The article said that companies using NVDA could quadruple their own returns . It was not about NVDAs share price .
I mean , are Microsoft and Apple in a bubble ? It was only 6 years ago that Apple became the first stock to hit $ 1T . Now both stocks have been around 3 for a while . A $ 10T stock is definitely quite possible in 5-6 years .
Oh absolutely . But we're talking a few years most likely . If you're looking for a 10 - bagger , you ( and I ) missed the boat
I completely agree . I've already cashed out my initial investment in NVDA and still have 300 shares , and 5 130 calls for week of earnings . May buy more
Definitely a fair point
I actually think it will be a 10 bagger from here , but mostly speculation . And I will be old as hell by that time probably .
Good man . Wise decision . This is a good stock though and I genuinely do believe in it .
I mean , I'm expecting it to triple within 5 years . I'm not going to worry about a longer timeline right now .
I believe in the stock and company as well , but being overweight in 1 Stock is the definition of Gambling . it's very heavy in my portfolio . Its my biggest position , along with Chubb Ins . and SPY . They make up 65 % .
My biggest position is BAC in another portfolio that I don ’ t really touch . I mostly copy Warren buffet in that portfolio and I ’ m not kidding lol . Very little thought from me goes into it … it ’ s all just mimicking people smarter than me haha .
If your the smartest person around RUN and find smarter people .
Exactly lol . I prefer to be the dumbest man in the room .
Watch the paint dry .
Let me preface this by saying I'm very bullish on Nvidia over at least the next 2 years . I believe the earnings will be very good and most likely result is a good bit of rise in stock price . With that said , I would caution anyone looking at Nvidia as a short term trade ( less than 6 months to a year ) to go in with their eyes open . This is a very volatile stock . When the sentiment turns negative , it gets very negative , very quickly . People didn't buy at all time high and sell at significant loss because they are idiots . It takes a lot discipline and faith in your analysis to stay the course during those times ( assuming you had an analysis to begin with ) . It would not take a lot to turn the short term sentiment post earnings to sour . Lot of people lost their minds over a rumor of a short term delay to Blackwell ( which is a small part of Q3 / Q4 revenue and most , if not all , of those delayed revenue would've been replaced by Hopper ) . That's how fickle the market has been . If you have a lot of confidence in the company and think you'll withstand periods of volatility , feel free to invest until fundamentals shift . If not , you may be in for a rather bumpy ride .
Plan before earnings : hold . Plan after earnings : hold .
My investment in NVDA is not based on some stupid short term price speculation . Imagine doing this with AAPL in 2009 . Go back and look at the chart then . It would be an incredibly foolish waste of energy . My investment in NVDA is based on my belief in what the future holds . I have strong conviction in the power and progress of AI based on my own experience and listening to experts across several fields . Nvidia powers this future with its huge marketshare , cutting edge tech , and brand image in the rapidly growing field of AI . Not only do the sell hardware , but they have a software ecosystem that is capturing customers in the same way apple's ios did . The best thing to do is just hold the stock , AKA own a share of the business , and watch the years play out . Selling would be stupid . Short term price movements from here should not sway your actions . If they do , you will be looking back with regret in 10 years . Do nothing except consider lowering your cost basis on dips .
Hold through Blackwell announcement & ' 25 Q1 / Q2 earnings . Selling before Blackwell & ' 25 earnings would be foolish .
Gains mean NOTHING until you sell . Take some profits when you can .
Assuming earnings beat expectations / forward guidance is good and the stock goes up 10-15 % then I plan to hold for a few weeks after earnings when the stock gets close to it's peak for that quarter and then I will attempt to time the top and at least take profits if not sell off . If the narrative and sentiment of AI stays the same I will then look to buy the stock back when it eventually takes a giant dump like it always does a month before earnings or so . This stock is insanely volatile and there always seems to be some giant dip by 20-30 % every quarter . People acting like Nvidia is never going to run out of steam aren't realistic . These big hyperscalers aren't going to keep buying GPUs in the bulk they are for 5 + years unless some huge ROI comes to fruition . It's still early where expectations on ROI should be very low and Wall St already wants some massive ROI to justify spending . No one truly knows how AI is going to play out or how long it takes to play out . I do think it's the next big tech innovation but it might take 15-20 years to see most of it's potential . Eventually we're going to reach a point where these big hyperscalers are good with the computing power they have and spending is going to slow down due to diminishing returns . Power consumption is eventually going to become a problem and that hasn't really been addressed at all . Even with improvements to power efficiency it's still going to rapidly outpace what power grids can support . There are also a bunch of other macro economic factors that play into the price of not only this stock but the market . Sentiment is also insanely important on Wall St and this stock is mostly propped up by institutions . Get enough institutions that get cold feet about this stock and shit comes crashing down . Wall St constantly seems to need some sort of assurance that AI is here to stay . Doesn't matter if AI turns out to be the greatest thing since sliced bread if Wall St doesn't think so and constantly does mass sell offs tanking the stock . The stock has had a nice rebound but going from 140 to 90 in a few weeks is pretty insane and definitely leaves you uneasy . Feels more like gambling with Wall St sentiment than investing at this point . I'm going to continue to hold but if it hits 135-140+ again I most likely sell off and look to reenter when it shits itself again . I'll keep playing the game until we eventually get that quarter that misses or forward guidance is bad . We're in the early innings and Wall St seems to want to cling to any bad news they can to sell off this stock or any AI plays they have .
hold till im 50
Hey look , a datamining bot .
It's a good question , everyone on here is going to say hold , but they also aren't talking about how much they have in NVDA . I've been buying and holding since last August , and its looking good for me at the moment , not as good as it was beginning of July though . I have currently about 35 % of my total investment in NVDA , at some point I will take some gains as they're getting fairly big at this point , but I have no plans at all to sell completely . I have a number in my head valuation wise that I have said if it hits that I will trim my percentages down , and it's starting to get closer .
Are you talking about owning shares or buying option ? 1 . Since you are a new investor stay away from options 2 . As a new investor , ETFs are probably a better investments for beginners BUT if you want to invest in NVDA . You should be buying long term and hold any stock for a year at the minimum . 3 . 1 + year = Long term capital gains ( 15/20 % ) . <3 65 days = short term capital gains = your normal tax rate 4 . 5 % - 10 % profit-taking rule for short term plays ( less than year ) , 20 % - 25 % profit-taking rule is standard target when holding long term . 5 . 8 % sell rule by some investors to minimize losses . 6 . Don ’ t try to time the market , Clowns will say buy low and sell high but if it was that easy , everyone would be rich . Hence why everyone will tell you to buy and hold . As over time you will see a return in your investment on a large cap stock unless you invest in INTEL . 🤣 Keep in mind . Im not a expert , Im not giving financial advice , and these are just my opinions or things Ive come across . Also there are NO set guidelines . Buy and selling is base solely on investors own risk tolerance . Some folks want to go big or go home . Some in it for long term and steady . Just realize the bigger the profits , the bigger risks . GL OP !
I ’ ve been long NVDA for 4 years . No other company will be able to do what they do for at least a few more years . They also have an uncanny ability to see where the market is going next . AI will continue for years . However I ’ m really curious where NVDA goes next . NANO ?
This coming August earnings will be a beat and then upgrade on guidance IMO , so will be the next one in November . Reason is simple : their production pipeline is fully booked for 2025 , and almost fully booked for 2026 . Right now , operationally fabs like TSMC and packaging partners are squeezing their efficiencies to maximize output . NVDA already “ know ” their numbers all the way to the end of 2025 . They are just smoothing out their quarterly reports so that each time , it will be a pleasant beat .
hold during earnings , assuming they beat and raise guidance then wait 2 weeks or so more , then port positions into shorting and wait for a pullback . Rinse and repeat . This seems to have been the trend every quarter .
I have a bunch of calls that I want to unload prior to earnings to take advantage of the sky high IV ( implied volatility ) . I will then try to go into short-term in-the-money calls ( got burned last earning going for out-of-the-money calls due to IV drop ) with like 25 % of funds I have to play with to get the bump , but not all-in as there is a possible crash that could happen after earnings . Once earnings IV settles , go into long term calls ( 365 + term ) again , until stock get close to analysts valuation ( 60-75 % of potential gains from low end analysts ) at which point go to cash and wait for the MASSIVE profit taking that generally happens with this stock . Re-enter when everyone starts saying it ’ s the end of the world and start the cycle over again .
I wait 7 years or so then sell , same as last time . Earnings doing affect my strategy .
I'm a longtime , long term investor . I don't sell . Why should I pay higher taxes bro
I ’ ve always bought when it ’ s less than 100 and sold when it hits 115 . This happens a lot .
Retire
Add more .
Hold shares sell calls
I wait until the chart indicates oversold conditions and buy options with expirations one to two months after earnings and I sell those when the stock is very overbought .. I sell the nearest expiration first
Watching my $ 110 Call go from + $ 1300 to + $ 3000 tomorrow
I invite new investors to not think of earnings as some huge pivotal moment . The truth is NVDA might drop after earnings even if they provide good numbers and good guidance . Then these FOMO people who bought at $ 130 are going to panic sell when it drops back to $ 99 , and of course Wall Street buys it right up . Invest , don ’ t trade ( unless you know what you ’ re doing ) . Zoom out and stop paying attention to the price action . Everyone is smart when it goes up and you hold , but do you have the conviction to hold when you have 3-6 months of a declining stock ? If not you might as well get out now if you ’ re ahead .
People saying hold , I ’ m curious what you think this stock can get to .
I ’ m young so I plan on holding for a long time . But it ’ s always wise to consistently reevaluate . As of right now , no plans of selling . I add to my position everyday no matter what .
I ’ m planning on browsing reddit to see all the loss porn from degens who gambled more than they could afford on options
Hodl forever .
Buying an imaginary yacht , limo , and mansion with my imaginary 10,000 shares
> Edit : I see comments as " hold " , but everyone invests for a Goal like retirement , pay early loans etc , Holding here . My retirement is 20-30 years from now . I've already taken some profits off the table on NVDA back in 2021 and have been investing in them since 2014 . I don't need anymore money now or in the foreseeable future so yea just holding for retirement . This upcoming earnings report doesn't affect anything I do
Before = hold After = hold
Before : Shop for Lambo After : Buy said Lambo
hodl diamond 💎 hands even after earnings . $ 150 before earnings is almost done deal
Do nothing other than invest my bi-weekly 401K and IRA contributions .
850 shares @ $ 69 avg . Hold
You can certainly book profits but taxes become a concern when you try to lock in short term profits vs . long term ones . Difference can be pretty considerable . Having said that , if you believe in a company for the long term at least for a few years like NVDA , why not just hold to prevent regret if you time it wrong and also minute the taxman ’ s cut at the same time , if you don ’ t need the money
Before : buy stock & LEAPS whenever I can After : buy stock & LEAPS whenever I can
I ’ m gonna sell my call options as it ’ s gonna be hyped up . Then I ’ ll buy the dip with more calls and sell off again in 12/20
I ’ m a long term holder for Nvidia . Not selling no matter what happens . I ’ ll look at it in 20 years .
I have shares When we had the dip a few days ago I opened up a vertical credit spread for after earnings .
do nothing
If it goes up before and after , I will probably sell about 10 % of my shares .
I plan on holding until they announce a slow down in demand . No point in caring what the price does until then .
Holdddd
My plan is it take half the profits at $ 150 or 8/ 30 . Whichever come first
Same plan I always use . Use margin to load up when a dip happens , and set a stop loss on the margined shares . When they ’ re paid back I hold forever lol
wait for my options to expire , sell them , probably wait till it ’ s fallen again and scoop up some shares
👀
I'm going to sleep before earnings . I'm going to sleep again after earnings . Life is good .
Hold
Likely nothing changes for me in the next 2 years , I'll continue to confidently buy below 3T market cap . But the very least everyone hear should listen to the earnings call and make adjustments accordingly . Be aware of the risks .
to be fair i did think it'd drop after last weeks recovery , but its only gone up , with no news to drive it really - so im not sure what the short term play is .
What if you sell the position to lock in lets say $ 1000 in profits , but then immediately buy it again at a similar price ? Is it better to realize the profits so you can purchase more ? I ’ m new as well so not sure either .
I buy shares and hold . Will hold thru another ER .
I'm long NVDA so hold and hold .
The same plan every night pinky . Just hold .
buy more ! !
Have owned it for four years . Long term hold . Until supply meets demand and competitors have the equivalent software , not selling .
Don ’ t try to time the market . You ’ ll lose . Buy and hold unless you ’ re a professional . Some may win but the overwhelming majority lose . Buy and hold . Simple
Investing ! = trading .
Keep it no plan then that
You should take some profits . Selling periodically to materialize profits , beats the strategy of Holding all of it forever . The math to compare these two approaches is simple .
“ Booking profits ” usually means missing future profits .
I was margin called out of a large portion and have only 30 % in NVDA now , in hindsight I feel much better and am getting more diversified in ETFs ( Semi , QQQ )
Consider tax implications before selling anything . For a stock like nvda , I would at the very least hold for 365 days .
Buy as much as you can afford to lose and delete your broker app for 1-2 years . That ’ s effectively my strategy
Just like real estate the stock builds equity and if it builds high enough you sell or leverage by selling calls
There is no one answer fits all . Some will want to take profits for whatever their personal reasons . Others are long term hold and will ignore the news like all previous earning reports . Goals can change throughout an investment period ; if you have a large stake in NVDIA , you can off load to to help with those goals updates and changes .
Make money
I bought a jan expiry call option on last week's dip that's up 1000 $ and now I'm wondering if I should roll it up to Jan of next year but I can't afford it lol
I'm holding at this point . I was buying and selling as the stock kept fluctuating but was buying and selling at the wrong times like a dumbass .
Hold until it drops out of top 10 most valuable companies
Yo , market's a rollercoaster , a wild ride Ups and downs , a crazy tide Is this dip a crash , or just a bend ? Bounce back strong , or will it never end ? Crystal ball's foggy , future unclear Timing the market , that ’ s got me scared Dead cat bounce or bull run ’ s start ? Nobody knows , it ’ s breaking my heart . So let ’ s keep it simple , let ’ s stay calm DCA ’ s the tactic , steady as a palm Invest regularly , don ’ t let fear control Build wealth gradually , reach your goal Long-term vision , that ’ s the key Ignore the noise , let your money be free So ride the waves , don ’ t try to surf DCA ’ s the method , it ’ ll work for sure , that ’ s the word .
In the evening have dinner , relax and go to bed , come morning get up and go to work … . rinse , lather , repeat .
I'm holding . The company is flawless , has a huge moat , has a perfect balance sheet , is printing money and is the leader in the AI revolution over the next decade . No intention of selling for at least 5 years , based on current market conditions etc .
Holding
There ’ s earnings this month ? Don ’ t care I don ’ t even watch the stock . I ’ ll look in a few years .
I ’ m taking 50 % of profits at earnings . Sorry . And sorry . And sorry . But election year . Still sorry , but I gotta feed the kids .
So you sell stocks when they have good earnings ? 😂 I do exactly the opposite . The more the companies I own stocks grow the more stocks I buy . This stupid ideia that you have to cash out and pay taxes …
I'm holding Nvidia and Palantir for decades , no matter the earnings . What would cause me to sell would be irreversable damage .
Might drop some shares after earnings if there's a nice bump , we see
Selling 7 shares in a Roth IRA . 3 the day before earnings if it ’ s above $ 150 and the other 4 the day after earnings . I ’ ll buy them all back at a lower price in 5-6 weeks . I also have 12 shares in a regular brokerage with a cost basis of $ 105 , I ’ m too cheap to pay capital gains taxes , so I ’ ll hold them till I die .
I am really long on NVDA . I mean looong . I have put all the money I am willing to risk into NVDA and I plan to stay there for 3 to 10 years pending some other development that makes them less dominant in the AI hardware market . I think AI is going to be revolutionary , and NVDA has a near-monopoly on AI hardware .
Buy more at $ 85
I'm selling everything at 145. 2000 shares , cost basis 20 . Why ? I don't see this going to 200 . Not for many years , and it's more likely IMO to see a massive drop in the next 6 to 12 months . At 145 I'll have made plenty on this .
I swing trade ... everything except NVIDIA . I play a lot of computer games , and I have gaming PC . I built my first with my dad when I was a kid . And , I have always used NVIDIA GPU's . I believe in the long term dominance of the company in anything GPU related for the foreseeable future . They are a long term hold . I like the company , and I like the stock .
Sit back and just watch thats my game plan . Doing nothing .
Stock dropped by 11 % after hours ?
Bad strategy .
Nope it ’ s going down . Way down .
What happen if those Giant company like Microsoft Amazon Meta are done spending money to buy gpus from Nvidia ?
There was other stuff happening concurrently with the Blackwell rumors , including the yen carry trade stuff , along with the jobs report freaking out the market . I wouldn't necessarily attribute that drop to the Blackwell rumors / story . Rather , it's probably the normal cycle of profit taking combined with the rest of the market selling off due to fear .
It should be said that whenever sentiment turns negative and the price inevitably drops ( sizeable drops only ) , a great time to purchase presents itself .
I think you'll retire soon then
What about 2 + years leaps ?
In 2009 AAPL was 15th in SP500 and NVDA is currently in 3rd place and has reached first like a few weeks ago
You add less credence to your opinions when you use the word stupid ; unnecessarily . Bad form .
To this point , they are getting sued by governments because they have too much market share in a sector that is critical to growth . Even though it ’ s a pain in the ass to deal with government regulations that have not been written yet , you have Nancy Pelosi taking MASSIVE positions in NVDA which indicate that she understands that what they can do to the company is limited and they are only a virtual monopoly because there is no one around to offer any real competition in this next productivity revolution .
Ok
Exactly . The world might look a lot different after Blackwell . And we ’ ll check demand again at that point
So you would wait until June 2025 ?
It will last much longer than that . Back in 2014 I was worried about competitors coming up with DNN specific chips . In 2003 I though Netflix could easily be copied . There is a difference between 10x engineers and normal engineers . The competition can ’ t get the top . 01 % to work for them .
exactly
Smart man , thinking as a trader / investor , not like gambler for luck on emotions and wishfull thinking like 99 % here . I can tell you its more profitable like this than to try catch best move for 10yers .
Just so .. it's the simplest swing trade model .. Since the split at $ 120.89 , we've seen a peak intraday price of $ 140.76 and just last week a low of $ 90.69 .. Say you have 100 shares .. you see $ 140 on the ticker , so you sell 50 at the market and get $ 137 for a total of $ 6,850 . The price dips over time , and you see $ 100 on the ticker , so you buy 65 at the market and pay $ 99.50 for a total of $ 6,467 . 50 .. In review , you've gone from holding 100 to 115 . And you have $ 6,800 - $ 6,467 . 50 = $ 382.50 left over .. Best part ? You didn't transfer any money from your bank to buy more shares ..
I hope OP reads this because it's the most rational thing I've ever seen in this sub .
This is the way .
R u 49 now
Ok
All the numbers in your comment added up to 420 . Congrats ! 1 + 2 + 3 + 1 + 15 + 20 + 365 + 4 + 5 - 10 + 20 - 25 + 5 + 8 + 6 = 420 ^ ( [ Click here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=LuckyNumber-Bot&subject=Stalk%20Me%20Pls&message=%2Fstalkme ) to have me scan all your future comments . ) \ ^ ( Summon me on specific comments with u / LuckyNumber-Bot . )
So , if this is true , then there will hardly be any downtrends in the stock price ( assuming CN and other issues don't mess things up ) . By the end of 2025 , it could potentially reach $ 200 , with a market cap of around $ 5 trillion .
So if everything is known , why isn't it all priced in ?
This is the way .
Im very curious about that . Since technically you incurr in 2 possible capital gains ( 1 there , and 1 when you finally sell the stock and don't buy it again ) Wouldnt taxes make the profit here only marginally good ? Maybe I'm missing something 😅
Hohohoho ...
Echo this . I am already selling some calls , but my deep ITM puts may get me assigned some more shares , to which I will sell more calls on .
higher Nvidia is inventing products to open new markets . They are selling millions of solutions into a market that wasn't there years ago and have customers lined up for months because the demand is so high . Earnings are stellar , management is stellar , strategy is stellar , competition is at bay . Why would you want to put an arbitrary number on the future ? Sell when the outlook or situation changes enough to trouble you . In the meantime this company is going to grow .
im not holding past earnings because i have short dated calls , but if there was one company to lead the AI breakthrough , why cant they set a new bar for whats possible ?
Google said $ 1100 in 2028 . Hold and add more over the years .
Oh yes same here . For every one that succeeds in options trading there ’ s at least 20 that fail
Do bargain for me also , I want a yatch
Ok
Ok
Ok
I am also planning the same but the way it dropped since last few weeks , I think it will reach 150 by EOY
Risks are always apart of not only investing but life as well
There wasn't any real news for the drop either , just panic and people overreacting .
I wouldn't play it for that little of a gain . Unless you really need the money . I'm looking at taking profits , but that's on a 6 figure gain .
" Don ’ t try to tie the market . " Tie ? Ties are like kissing your sister , go for the win .
💯 😂
How soon this can happen ?
not sure why you ’ re being downvoted , it ’ s a valid question . but i personally don ’ t see this happening for a very long time . ai is still relatively new and nvidia is the leader in making all of it possible . everyone knows their place 🤝
I am retired . But I ’ ve been holding since 2021 at an average price of $ 31.50 . This will allow me to retire again .
Probably safe investment . Buy deep in the money .
If u have capital buy deep in the money
Doest it really matter ? We are heading big 180 this time after ER .
Then don't buy my opinions . I don't care . It is stupid , and some people need to hear that .
It is a legitimate word in the dictionary . It has purpose and it is used purposefully here in this context .
Lol , you think the US government is going to stifle the growth and development of its most advanced AI chip maker and risk China + others getting ahead ? Nvidia took its market share fair and square by capitalist rules . They invested heavily and early which makes them simply have the best tech . They don't mess with AMD or other competitors . Are you actually going to AVOID NVDA because you think it's too powerful ? ( It isn't ) You extrapolating Nancy Pelosi buying NVDA into several incoherent points is not a very good case .
Possibly longer . Holding longer also means lower taxes on gains , something to consider if you just bought in .
I have been holding NVDA since before you were born . It seems to have worked out . So that may be how long you should plan on waiting ? If you want to sell and cash out to go buy a PS5 , that's fine . You can also hold until you 40 and then go retire early . I cannot time the market , so I don't try .
Wait as long as you can .
Wouldnt you be taxed here , since it counts as capital gains ? I keep seeing this , but my math says that with taxes ( you get taxed 2 times , here , and when you finally decide to sell all ) , so the profir is marginal for the risk taken . Am i missing something ?
i'm 3
Its a gift .
Knowing semiconductor “ intimately ” , the short answer is yes . Look for buying chance during dips , because I also laugh when folks panic sell when Trump wants Taiwan to pay for defense , or NVDA customers announce “ their intent ” to develop own chip , or China restriction , etc . These people have no idea about lead time in semiconductor supply chain . When Jensen told you it ’ s an iPhone moment , it ’ s gonna be a multi-year moment .
The future is uncertain ? Different people have different views of the market , and that ’ s why there ’ s a market ? NVDA CFO and planners are not going to show hands till earnings reports ? Even I am guessing their numbers , but of course I have a better grasp because of my prior experience . These are just some reasons .
Nah , capital gains is just on total profit . My total profit on Nvidia from May is about 200 % but sometimes buying over leveraged shares on Margin , and sometimes longer options . Only when it ’ s under 100 ( though usually when it ’ s less than 95 , always dump at 114 . I ’ ve done the same with Broadcom , but buy at lower mid 1500-1550 sell at 1600 . I made about 15k profit since I started 4 months ago . I have a safe system and it works for me , and my risk tolerance . Whatever the taxes , I know I beat the S & P . Cash account , so while I wait for an entry , it ’ s gaining interest . Although I did put some in VOO long term . I can probably make another 5-10 k like this in the next couple months , if the opportunity is not there then just interest . In all investments it ’ s about risk tolerance and systems . I ’ m beating the S & P by a lot even with taxes , with lower risk exposure .
I prefer selling covered calls , rather than buying them . I ’ m usually profitable selling them . It ’ s more like playing lottery with buying them , especially if short dated …
EOY is a very long ways away . I think it could be $ 4T by EOY . Whatever price that comes out to
I have no idea , maybe they will keep buying forever . I think most recent Nvidia's revenues are from those Giant companies .
Noice
How deep ? 100 ?
Im stating cold facts with zero rhetorical intent
Thank you for saying it . People seem to forget that words have definitions , and that those definitions apply here .
.. arrested development
I think my comment is being interpreted wrong . I am very bullish on NVDA to the point where I should be diversifying away from them based on % of my portfolio . I think that they will beat back anything that US government can through at them , and the Nancy Pelosi comment is my attempt to say that even she believes that this is a high growth stock despite the government intervention that she is a part of .
Regulation cannot be ruled out . Especially for the CUDA moat they have built . If not the US , EU is a possibility . I agree that you would be stupid to sell now but I don ’ t think that the stock is risk free in the long term .
That ’ s what I said when I bought in 2016 . Now I ’ m just lost on how to find a stopping point to get off .
Trading in a brokerage account is subject to taxes , yes . I'm trading inside a Roth . Certain circumstances might have tax implications , but that is a discussion to have with your tax accountant ..
Rich parents ?
Just look for a delta of 0.80 or higher
NVDA doesn't need any facts . We are are talking about $ 100T + Data Center Market and entire world is living United States of NVDA . Hold the Dam Calls before all the Money Markets funds jump big in AI train . Aug is last month we ever gonna see in lower 100 ' s .
Ahhh that makes more sense . Yes , I think that the US Government's intervention will be performative and gentle . They absolutely want Nvidia to surge forward for national security reasons .
Of course , I'm just comfortable with the position they're in
Oooooh , makes sense Roth is very much not subject to regular Tax , hence one can play the game . Makes sense now
grandma told me to buy INTC , i didnt listen
sure man , I bought the 92 dip last week
🤙 Mahalo !
No lies detected , and demand for compute will continue apace . No AGI needed . Haters are stuck on cultural biases in the training data that have since been addressed , and if they actually read papers instead of getting their information from griftfluencers and analysts phoning it in they might see things differently . That said , trading on the beta of this thing remains viable .
Awesome video OP
ahh yea the good old hype with nothing to back it up
I am already turning sceptical towards this
Which part exactly the time frame , or the advancements possibilities - ChatGPT 5 is going to be released any month now ...
I am too . LLM just guess the next words . I don't see much thinking . I imagine progress with be leapfrogs ...
Cool ! What new features will it have ?
We just do the same .. And look what we can come up with
I ’ m most excited about the Sora feature .
What does that feature do ? I was just chatting with ChatGTP 4 and it didn't mention that one .
Post screenshot of that conversation .
It's too long for one screenshot : " As of my last update , OpenAI has not officially announced the specific features of ChatGPT - 5 . However , based on the progression of previous versions , potential improvements and new features could include : 1 . * * Enhanced Understanding of Context : * * Improved ability to maintain context over longer conversations , making interactions feel more coherent and personalized . 2 . * * Better Handling of Ambiguities : * * More sophisticated mechanisms to clarify ambiguous questions or statements , resulting in fewer misunderstandings . 3 . * * Advanced Reasoning : * * Improved reasoning capabilities , allowing for more complex problem-solving , logical deductions , and better handling of abstract concepts . 4 . * * Expanded Knowledge Base : * * An up-to-date and broader knowledge base , allowing the model to provide more accurate and current information . 5 . * * Improved Multimodal Capabilities : * * Enhanced ability to process and generate content across multiple modes , such as better integration of images , videos , or even handling audio inputs and outputs . 6 . * * Customization and Personalization : * * More options for users to personalize the interaction , including adjustable tone , formality levels , and even customized responses based on user preferences . 7 . * * Enhanced Ethical and Safety Features : * * Stronger safeguards against generating harmful , biased , or inappropriate content , along with improved moderation tools . 8 . * * Faster Response Times : * * Optimized architecture for quicker processing and response times , particularly useful for real-time applications . 9 . * * More Refined Language Abilities : * * Better understanding and generation of various languages , dialects , and even the ability to translate more effectively . These are speculative improvements based on the trajectory of previous developments . Official details would be available closer to the release of ChatGPT - 5 . "
The problem is that it could be really great , but the expectation was that it would be really really great 🙄 😬
What was the bullshit reason for the big dropoff today ? Seems like more MM oppression rather than recession . Like give us two fucking consecutive days for gosh sakes .
Don ’ t need to have any major issues to have a major downside effect . Nowadays you have to beat everything and guide higher to have any effect , or just simply pass .
They driving the price down and scaring off the bag holders so they can buy more shares before earnings .
Buy and hold and hold and hold . Rinse and repeat over and over for the next 5 to 10 years . And you will be very happy .
Been saying it for a while , the ER will be great . The question is whether the volatility and uncertainty is going to decrease .
pamp eet
I have buy order for 500 shares @ $ 88 lol
Earnings will be fantastic , we ’ ll still go down though lol
They are going to blow it out of the water . Every quarter they find innovative ways to lead new market sectors . Stop worrying everybody and just buy more NVDX .
There's a huge opportunity for AMD to miss an opportunity yet again to make gains against NVDA here by shipping MI325 in a timely manner with a strong SW ecosystem backing it but we all know this plays out , right ? Money doesn't just grow on trees after all !
I ’ m worried about when Blackwell revenue will be realized If guidance is strong and margins are high then it may not matter .
good read
Why not ?
Yes , but for this price , any issue would be major . They say " any major " like the price is currently 50 .
🤦
At this rate I doubt even a blowout earnings report plus a dance by jensen would do anything . Market is seeing everything through dark glasses . Nvda ’ s own news don ’ t help either and Jensen is still selling shares every couple of days . Someone really should tell him to get his dump over with in one sitting than taking it every couple of hours .
At the very least forward guidance will be missed , correct ? We all saw Jensen out there waiving that Blackwell chip around .
This guy stock markets .
It's more about what they do with their forward guidance and where the forward pe likes to on this stock . Reversion to the mean and so forth .
This is the best definition of the current state of the market , that I would define as hysterical , as defined in the 19th century by doctors for certain female behaviors : [ https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/the-controversy-of-female-hysteria ] ( https://www.medicalnewstoday.com/articles/the-controversy-of-female-hysteria ) So if the 28 Aug orgasm is not intense enough the random behavior is likely to continue ... You earned 30 billion dollars in a quarter , have 90 % of the market on a critical technology of the biggest tech revolution of the last 10 years , and you have a moat that will take at least 10 years for your competitors to catch on ? Do you ? Do you ? ... 25 % percent down for you !
People forget how boom and bust the semiconductor industry historically is .
It is still possible that the delays are not real . The notice about the delays has not been officially confirmed . It is all based on rumors and hearsay . There is a lot of speculation trying to negatively impact the market .
[ deleted ]
I know right ? I think it is the CEO from Supermicro speculating about Blackwell may be delayed till 2025 . I am long term believer but I cannot go too long ...
https://www.financialjuice.com/News/8324045/Egypt-has-issued-a-NOTAM-instructing-Egyptian-airlines-to-avoid-Iranian-airspace-between-0100-0400-UTC-on-the-8th-of-August---Flightradar-on-X.aspx VIX started moving up right after that came out .
I dont think that will be an issue !
How sure are u about that .. i think there's more going here than that now
[ deleted ]
Of better yet when ?
That ’ s what I ’ m saying
I could see it going to 130 .
Won't reach that low unless ww3 starts
Stop worrying !
SMCI said that they don't expect blackwell revenue this year , by march next year " probably " . This can be read in different ways . One is that nvda has issues with blackwell that will delay its launch . Another one is that nvidia has issues with some variants of blackwell ( water cooled ) that will delay SMCI from getting them soon and the aircooled variants will be sold straight by nvda so that 2024 blackwell revenue shouldn't be as affected Either way , delay rumors are never good .
Because .
that's the maximum not least . They will best EPS as all big tech is buying from them . If delays where less of an issue than reported the . guidance won't even be missed
I think our patience and willpower will be tested . I bet this coming quarterly earnings will not be as spectacular as what everyone was hoping . Hopefully I ’ m wrong though lok
I think what you meant was ' a moat that will take at least 10 years for your competitors to cross ' - but good post
A lot of people forget this
Yes but Nvidia is getting more into software , not just chips
Can't go bother looking for a source . But I did read an article that mentioned Blackwell will not be on Q3 reporting but it may be on the Q4 reporting but on a small scale of samples and not volume sales . The expected volume sales of Blackwell is Q1 2025 .
Nvda is in quiet period and can ’ t confirm anything that changes what they had been saying . However , Super Micro basically confirmed the delay in their earnings call . Too many sources have now reported it for it not to hold water . Financial impacts are likely minor as they can sell as many previous generation GPUs as they can make . However , the news , and investors reaction to it , drive short term price action .
Delays aren ’ t real . Just speculation and hyperbole .
I mean , major news outlets like NYT and Reuters reported on it ... this isn't some random short seller posting DD on wsb
I think the damage may be done and expectations are reset so even though there are great earnings the hype will be gone
I'm with you on that .
Can you expound your comment ? Sorry im just a beginner
Interesting . Thanks for sharing .
Let ’ s hope you are right . My worry is mainly with the black wells . Lots of rumors flying the sky ’ s and smock ’ s comment yesterday doesn ’ t help .
Not sure , just making stuff up . I think we are going into a recession .
lol
It'll reach that low probably in 2 weeks
I follow that but there's no getting around Blackwell delay affects the numbers later rather than sooner as predicted . I'm in for at least a year so it won't matter much to me .
Except Pepperidge Farms .
that was from the SMCI ceo responding for his company and their revenue from an analysts question at earnings
Sounds like more time to scoop up shares .
This is probably the most accurate statement I have seen on this ,
If it was important , NVDA would have made an announcement . If they come on the 28th and say that the issue ⚠ ️ is resolved , that will have a positive impact !
Already in one , people are only just relising now .. i live in NZ shits been bad here for two years now . Cost of living
So earnings ? No way - if anything it go back up to 120 by then
You need something major happening for it to go that low temporary !
But not yet
It just depends on where you live .
How low do you think it will go ?
Low 80s
I think you meant Huang in there .
NVDA is a national treasure . Everything in the world runs on chips . Every super computer , even the ones from China and Japan use NVDA ’ s technology to some extent . Jensen is bff with TSMC ’ s founder / CEO and is a cousin of AMD ’ s CEO . Jensen was friends with all the ChatGPT people and Elon before most of us even knew about them . VC ’ s still mostly only invest in software startups unless some kind of healthcare or military element is involved . NVDA is somehow involved in everything . They are significantly involved in healthcare and robotics . NVDA might go down to 75 , but it ’ ll go back to 200 + without a doubt . Also , rates will get cut soon — hi P / E ratio growth stocks will skyrocket .
I own 1,100 from January and am losing money quickly as I have with TSM and SHM . When do you expect these companies to recover . It seems like every day there is some bad news and will they for sure beat earnings ? Thanks
My prtfolio has gone up 500 % trading nvda . I don ’ t trade the long run , but I will ride that wave everyday
Mix some VOO please
Are you 60 years old ( aka close to retirement ) ? What makes you think that GPU chips will be the cutting edge of tech in 10-15 years ? What makes you think that Nvidia will continue to grow and be relevant once the next " big thing " has come and gone ? This stock will only have potential within the current generation of AI ( and perhaps the next ) , no one knows what will come after that .
Weird thing is everyone here who put all of his eggs on NVDA is almost begging everybody else to “ hold ” ( so the stock won ’ t tank even further ) thinking that no proper competition will come up to Nvidia within 1-2 years max ? Nvidia are market leader for AI GPUs but it ’ s AT THIS MOMENT , not forever . I know this is going to be downvoted , but I don ’ t mind , just hard cold reality truth
Please don ’ t make sweeping statement that you will hold a stock until retirement . Companies come and go . Only investment you can keep until retirement is S & P500 .
No worries . Just hang on . Oh , and buy more .
Go by PE people
gonna buy 20 shares if it hits $ 95 . I ’ ll be restaurant money once it reaches another ath after earnings , I figure
It's supposed to double by the end of the year
Well Schwab is down again so don ’ t really have a choice . I will be buying more shares and long term calls asap . Did I mention : Fuck Charles Schwab . Definitely leaving . Any suggestions for trading platforms ?
people tend to forget just how much Nvidia has gained in the last 2 years . show me any company that has gained 1000 % ( or even 300 % ) in 2years and not have a huge pullback before gaining more . Nvidia could go down to 70 $ and still be up like 500 % since september 2022 . it's crazy and that's also why this pullback is natural .
I ’ ll buy some NVDA at $ 20
WSB ’ s version of retirement planning
Headed to $ 30 . Are you fan boys ready ?
This hype will die just like intel did in 2000
NVDA and PLTR ? In 2024 ? Long term hold ? You are so fkd !
🥇 🥇 🥇
These companies are at the whim of macro events right now . Nvidia is a great company . It ’ s suffering from rotation of money from tech to small caps and the fears of recession . I am holding and waiting .
I have 1/3 of my portfolio in VOO
No one knows sure . But considering the company has already repurposed what they do at least 3 times for different markets ( Gaming , Crypto , and starting \ ~ 2016 High performance computing ) there is a good chance that they'll continue to do so
Fantastic questions to ask . Truly important , no joke . I do hear you and I acknowledge the difficulty for a company to stay relevant and even further , to merely sustain themselves over long periods of time is a feat . But I believe that futureproofing companies can happen better now , than at any in point in history . And if NVDIA stays in front of AI , AI's ability to help a company pivot in the way that that could be truly categorically different than anything before seems more and more possible . Admittedly a lot of this depends on how well AI's development pans out . Real gold ; or a mix of gold and rocks ; or just rocks . Rich pan , fair pan , or blank pan . I don't think it's reasonable to judge AI as a blank pan , so it now comes down to a debate whether AI results will be decent or stupendous .
I fully agree - the GPU question I am continuously evaluating . My plan would be to hold to retirement ~ only ~ if it remains relevant . I won ’ t stay invested on high expectations alone . I would rotate out if anything were to make me question the company ’ s dominance , performance or relevance .
Do you think that in the future we ’ ll need more computing power or less computing power ?
The last big thing that came and was supposed to go was the internet . AI is the next internet .
I don ’ t think encouraging people to hold on Reddit will make any difference in the stock price . Nvidia does have competition . And I ’ d like to see where they are 2 , 3 , 5 , 10 years down the road . I ’ m genuinely interested and monitoring . I ’ m also interested to see the ROI on LLM ’ s . I ’ m not going to stay in a stock just because I like a company . It has to remain a good investment based on fundamentals and market sentiment . I see the momentum this company has built and believe it ’ s going to last a while . If they keep innovating and remain at the forefront of hardware development for AI , I believe they have a long runway . But anything can happen . We ’ ll see 🤷🏻‍♂ ️ . I ’ ll just remain vigilant on the stock price , earnings and news .
I agree - my plan would be to stick with Nvidia if it remains relevant . When Jensen leaves and when technology changes , I would rotate out of the stock and mostly likely back into major index funds . I ’ m 20 years from retirement and can see great upside over that term . Anything can happen , though , which is why I am keeping my ear to the ground .
Plans are fluid - it isn ’ t a hill I am dying on . I ’ d rotate out of it in a second if I didn ’ t like its future .
Missed a 0
Should be more like the opposite .
I believe that the next step in computing is to leave semiconductors behind , and whatever that technology is will usher in the next revolution in tech - and I'm not certain Nvidia is going to be leader in that revolution .
Many " big things " have come since the advent of the internet ( I also never talked about anything " going " ) , and although AI is certainly the next " big thing " it's not certain that the true age of artificial intelligence will be ushered in with semiconductor-based tech .
I work in tech , also with LLMs . and LLMs become very useful but not even close to generating huge profits just on their own .. just wanted to say that
When do you think the bleeding will stop . I know Nvidia directly affects most of my stocks . I have about 40 percent NVidia and I ’ m now under on TSM and SMH . What are your thoughts . Should I sell those stocks , set a stop loss or wait this out ? I have about a year to wait to dip into the money and I ’ ve lost a ton . I ’ m not sure if this will keep happening and for how long . Any input ? Thanks .
Oh no . One zero is juuust right after Khan kicks your ass
I have -1/3 of my portfolio in VOO
The risk assessment of allocating my money in its current investments is intentional . If I didn ’ t like where the company was headed , I would pull my investment . I like where it ’ s headed now . But that can change . I would adapt if a new set of circumstances presents itself .
In my retirement account it's 90 percent VTI and vxus then some bonds . I bought NVDA outright with my " play money " only about 6k ATM . Is this the way ?
Name the company that has that . Exactly . None does . You are just theorizing . Meanwhile , back in reality , the several trillion dollar company with a tech that no one even comes close to , is several production cycles away from even a hint of irrelevance , while the other largest manufacturer , Intel , lays off 15,000 people and AMD announces a 250 million quarter . The game is Nvidia's right now and for the rationally foreseeable future .
When I say big things , I'm talking about something that fundamentally changed how the world works . Cars were a big thing . Planes were a big thing . Lightbulbs , nucleur fusion , tampons , televisions , computers , the internet , mobile phones , social media , and next , AI . Everything else from the last 150 years is just cool and convenient shit . Start thinking bigger , or get left behind .
I totally understand . I think LLMs are the beginning . We will continue to build off these useful tools towards other uses for AI . Either way , the race is on to acquire as many GPUs as possible . I believe that will , or can , change in the next 1-2 years . It really is the world ’ s experiment to see what they can do with these incredible pieces of compute .
It sounds like you ’ re really stressed . I ’ m sorry you ’ re experiencing this . When you say you have a year to dip into the money , what do you mean by that ? A year into you need to use some ?
If the next few months play out to where we aren ’ t in a recession , it goes above 140 again . If indications are that we are entering a recession I think it will retest lows . 90 ’ s or even possibly less . It ’ s hard to say which will happen . But I am confident it will go higher than the amount you invested in again if you hold . You could definitely set a stop loss at the amount you bought it for to preserve your initial investment . Just be sure it doesn ’ t trigger the sale and then go higher . Selling any of these stocks at a loss right now means you take the ~ real ~ loss . You see the red number now , but it ’ s not realized . You still have that money . Just be patient .
[ deleted ]
Thats solid .
You don't have to sell me on Nvidia , I already own a good deal of shares and plan to do so for a while . What no one should do however is make Nvidia ( or any semiconductor-related company ) the basis of their retirement 10-15 or even 20 years into the future . Something else IS going to come along , we haven't invented the peak of computing ( we already have semiconductors the size of a handful of atoms operating on quantum scale , they can't get any smaller ) and even if it's just theories right now ( like , duh ) it won't be 10-15 years from now .
I think that you've fundamentally misinterpreted my comments on this post , read them again from the start because this makes no sense given the discussion at hand .
That's a different person .
I appreciate your reply 😎 I hope you are having an excellent day !
I fully agree . My goal would be to hold it if they are relevant .
While I think its good to ask these questions , I find it hard to believe that something will replace semiconductors AND the leading companies in this area wont adapt to it or not be ones leading the charge . I say this as physicist .
For the general public , they are not educated on the product innovations that will be released between 2025 - 2030 . The general public buy and sell based off : - Quarterly earnings - Daily performance , S & P 500 , geopolitical and economic news , and 2024 predictions For the few of us who have done their research ( e . g . Nancy Pelosi ’ s financial advisors selling MSFT for NVDA ) , we know that the general public currently see AI as an enhanced search engine - think “ chatGPT ” . We also know that it will require time for people to understand what AI is capable as the innovations continues to roll out between 2025-2030 , which will contribute to the growth of Nvidia ’ s quarterly earnings . Time and patience is key my friends
I was thinking the same thing . If you only look at the statistics , it doesn't seem like there will be a lot of potential left for NVDA , so many people sell . But in my opinion , AI will become so extremely significant that we can't imagine a world without it , even on a small scale . For example , I use ChatGPT almost every day because it's so extremely useful . It is only a matter of time before AI becomes even more advanced and useful , to the point where almost everyone will use it . And thus the price of NVDA will rise in the long term because most ai software uses nvidia .
If apple misses earnings nvda will take another hit . but i think it will be the last one . If they finally get the fact that NVDA is a hardware company / data center / backbone of the other companies they will understand that mag 7 is actually mag 6 + BOSSNVDA
It's not a lack of sector understanding , the sector has been forming for more than a decade , folks get it . The way I see it is there is a concerted effort to move the stock , both up and down . That's where short term money is made ( and professional traders are well versed at separating retail investors from their money ) . A lot of folks here weren't here 6 or 12 months ago haven't learned that , or jump on for fomo or yolo bets . Narratives take hold , one week it's competition will kill Nvidia , next is AI is going to take the world to nirvana , and the next after that it's where's the ROI from all these companies investing in AI hardware . The simple , easy answer is wall street pays for growth . Nvidia is growing with high quality earnings and will for some time . Pick your entry points wisely , but long term buy and hold is the logical solution to this stock . Lots of traders are swinging for the fences with every call or put . Life gives out more " on base " than home runs . But if the thrill is your jam not going to stand in your way .
Does no one remember when Mark Zuckerberg had to explain how advertising worked ? These are the same fossils that are trying to grasp the concept of AI and how that's going to generate profit .
This dip was good . I watched my account lose about 40k , but I didn ’ t think once about selling . This will not be a memorable moment in December .
If you listen to Jensen talk , for any length of time , you will understand how NVDA's business will keep expanding . They are not even close to max yet .
Market makers are driving the price in their direction playing both sides based on their forecasting tools ( AI sentiment and other data driven algorithms ) and ability to drop big money that has limited logical sense with business performance or forecast . No single person aka retail can out think this as MM eats retail weak hands . Best to buy and HODL or sell at your goal $ .
Well .. It's only one green day buddy . Road is still ahead .
100 % . Wall Street does not know shit
How about , institutions sell , take profits , all you babies panic . You sell . Institutions buy your shares at a discount . This is known as a “ shakeout . ” You babies are shook out . Bye . And then guess what happens ? The same thing . It just repeats . Want to be smarter ? Sell when institutions sell . Participate in the shakeout instead of being victimized . Or . Wait for it . Hold . And stay off reddit .
It is always a bunch of numbnuts investors who panick and crash a stock . Nvidia fundamentals have increasingly looked more and more promising if anything .
Hedge NVDA with VRSSF and be set for the future baby ! Sit back and watch the world move around you !
This is exactly it . They have no earthly clue what is going on in the enterprise . They see apple releasing emoji's and think that is what this is about . It's not . Apple's job is to get people to buy a phone . Microsoft's job is to deliver software and cloud services so that you can change the world . The absolutely don't get the latter and Gill Lauria is the main culprit .
It's caused by its high PE and high expectations on next earnings ... It amazes me how people think a stock can be a 20x bagger in 6 months and then they freak out if it corrects and becomes a 14x bagger still YTD .
The irony of posting this . I suppose you have a lack of understanding of which institutions control the market . Hint ) it's not retail & certainly not redditors under the age of 30 .
Still waiting on the driverless car catalyst .
What they should have looked at was CAPEX Spending as nvidia is profiting off of almost all of it Qcom just posted good results beating earnings if you were gonna buy and haven ’ t yet . The train is about to leave the station
I disagree . 2 reasons . First , people want to make money so the emotional part and fear sets in and paper hand . Second , the stock is routinely cyclical , with big pull backs so people may want to game it adding to the emotions . Lack of sector knowledge is peanuts when most of the market is traded on sentiment that can snow ball , and / or be intentional to sweep profit and get better entries knowing that . That being said , I love this stock and have , but even I had the fearlingus last night . Thankfully I inversed myself knowing I'm more right then wrong , and just have bad timing .
Honestly it's reacting like a meme stock because of you retards 😂
I think a lot of day traders were chasing the money on small cap and industrials that benefit a lot from rate cuts . As soon as they were reminded how much fucking money NVDA was going to print this quarter , they came back hungry .
maybe . on the other hand : " you can not fight the tape " !
This is some shoddy analysis
I love the term „ AI bubble “ . How is it a bubble , it has made its way into every industry you can imagine . For me this is hands down on the same page like the early 2000s “ That internet stuff won ‘ t ever prevail , don ‘ t waste your money into it . “
Hopefully we will get a few nice dips along the way … I always need more chips with my dips
Exactly this
lol . Gotta love people looking at Pelosi trades and calling that “ doing their research . ”
The power consumption is one obstacle they ’ ll need to overcome . And Nvidia chips are known to be extremely power hungry . There ’ ll be growth but I doubt it ’ ll be at the extreme rate people think
I agree . I will play devil's advocate just to show why a lot of people are fearful , and because that fear in a mass can impact the market , it is relevant , even if born from ignorance . Take your statements of the world and put them in the late 90 ' s . Same thing : Internet is everywhere and growing . Internet will become so extremely significant that we can't imagine a world without it , even on a small scale . For example , I use Internet almost every day because it's so extremely useful . It is only a matter of time before Internet becomes even more advanced and useful , to the point where almost everyone will use it . Even our cars and fridges will have internet connection . And thus the price of [ dotcom company ] will rise in the long term . That is why people fear it can be like that bubble . Some people fear AI is just a trend , sure . But the biggest fear is , IMHO , from people that do know AI is important , but see the parallels with the dotcom bubble and think that maybe we might be mixing the industry and the companies in the same bag , when the overlap isn't as big . And sure , the companies that survived the burst are now some of the biggest , but even some of them took a while to recover and REAL DIAMOND HANDS of people to see benefit . Two examples : MSFT was at 57 USD and went down around 50 % . It took 17 YEARS for it to go back to 57 USD . 17 years . And people sometimes get impatient after a couple of weeks or months . Another example , Amazon was beginning and wasn't a big player , and still suffered from the burst . Went down from above 5USD to almost 1USD and for a while in early 2000 ' s below 1 USD . 10 years to recover . SO even if NVIDIA is as good as we're seeing both irrationality and / or a burst can impact on it for years to come . For people saying " hold " . It's not hold for 6 months . It's hold for a decade or two if you're in for a ride .
AAPL announced they are using GOOGL custom in-house chips for AI learning , not NVDA .
Too well said and articulate to be here lol
I remember when Mark was saying VR and Metaworlds is the next big thing , hm
Keep holding and buy the discounts we get from the market . Nvda 🚀 ⬆ ️
[ deleted ]
Can you explain what this means ? I wanna sit back and watch too !
I ’ m aware of that … my post claims that the larger institutions / hedge fund managers don ’ t realize the potential here
Saying that chips are " power hungry " isn't a meaningful statement - you care about the amount of computing you can do per unit input of energy . Sometimes this is called FLOPS / Watt , although there are other metrics more specific to given workflows , say for AI / ML . Cloud providers buy NVIDIA chips * because * they offer the BEST compute per unit energy input at scale , not * in spite * of their " power hungry " ness . If you look at the 10 years of product development that led up to the Hopper series of chips ( commonly called the H100 ) , the chip energy efficiency improved by 1000x . If you look at a data center built on the new B100 chips , relative to one built on the H100 chips , you would have a 4x improvement in ML training energy efficiency and a 25x improvement in inference energy efficiency . So within a 12 year period of time , you're looking at a 4,000 x improvement in ML training energy efficiency and a 25,000 x improvement in inference energy efficiency . NVIDIA is taking the power issue seriously . In fact , it's essentially the single figure of merit that they pursue in their chip design .
I think we'll see significant improvements in this area ... in a decade we may have GPUs the size and with the power appetite of an Apple Watch .
Why do you think people are long on Nat gas and Nuclear stocks ?
So invest in NVDA & some electric companies 😂 💸
right now , the algorithms evolving the chip designs are trying to generate more compute per cubic foot per second , because that's what the market incentive is . when the pressure from energy demand picks up , they'll turn their eyes towards lowering their power draw
Power hungry ? Have you been under a rock since 400-500 series ?
That is semi false . Actually they do use chatgpt that is trained on nvda .
Not even close to the same conversation lol but to humour you , VR has done poorly both for Apple and Meta because it's too expensive for the average consumer and is more of a novelty no one wants to be active while playing games let's be honest , but this was a trial years ago that he attended about privacy concerns of Facebook collecting user data for targeted ads and literally no one questioning him understood how it worked . Those are the same people investing in NVIDIA not because they know what AI is or its potential , but because they just see green and big revenue numbers .
January 2025 , June 2025 , Jan 2026 $ 120 call options . Have sold $ 20,000 in $ 150 call options against them in the last 2 months
Currently the future of AI and ultimately AGI will likely need advance graphics chips that only NVDA makes ; they are leagues ahead of the competition . The robots used to make these chips are incredibly expensive and currently there is only one company in the Netherlands that manufactures this robot that allow NVDA and other like companies to in turn manufacture the advance chips . Also they can only turn out about two to three to these robots a year . So there is a huge bottle neck currently . VRSSF is saying - hey everyone , wait a minute , I don ’ t think we need these advance chips . We have people with deep understanding of neural networks and we think we can make an AI work on your cousins dusty old dell laptop . They have already demonstrated this learning on one of your cousins laptops and are confidently researching and reaching industry benchmarks . Very very promising outlook , research and funding so far . So in away betting on both is like betting NVDA will climb over the mountain faster than VRSSF can find away around it .
I am absolutely certain they do . If they didn't , you wouldn't have seen the last doubling ... or two . Selling doesn't mean a lack of " realizing the potential . "
This . Will happen sooner rather than later .
Have you ?
Not true . www.cnbc.com/amp/2024/07/29/apple-says-its-ai-models-were-trained-on-googles-custom-chips-.html AAPL earnings will have little bearing on NVDA stock price .
I know meta and vr was stupid and still is for at least another 10 years . I ’ m not even a huge believer in AI . I think it ’ s suitable for some things but Nvidia isn ’ t always needed . The big tech companies will have their own solutions and ASICS custom hardware for their own ai solutions .
Yep . Plus there are some other market indicators that showed GPU demand is still strong and growing . TSMC showed that they had more demand than capacity . Rumors are that nvidia is continuing to increase their supply to meet demand . sk hynix , who most likely sold a lot of the ram modules to nvidia , had record earnings . Yet it took yesterday to uplift nvidia with the news that AMD's data center went up and MSFT capex . It's even more ridiculous when you consider companies like Tesla and Apple going from 160 to 230ish under the last 3 months with no decent corrections even with declining / stagnating growth after a full year of earnings .
So youre buying both in hopes of both being successful in their own ways ?
I asked you as you ’ ve certainly been out somewhere for last ten years since Nvidia released Kepler and up until latest Ada ( and upcoming Blackwell ) . Then go look at AMD ’ s ovens only now getting to normal power consumption levels in rdna 2/3 , but still missing equivalent of tensor cores that can compete .
Yes , I think both could ultimately be used in very different ways and industries . Although it ’ s highly likely that true AGI will need quantum computing but for machine learning I think VRSSF has the most promising and cost effective solution over the current model which requires NVDA .
Nvidia has always been known to consume large amounts of power . This hasn ’ t changed . Yes they ’ ve got better but they ’ re still insanely power hungry
Thanks for taking the time to explain !
Known to you only probably . They ’ ve beaten amd on power efficiency all these years since Fermi . But you can believe imaginary stuff if you wish .
Because they beat competitors does not mean they are not power hungry chips . Datacenters consuming energy is a real issue . Can it be resolved ? Probably . But Nvidia chips are huge power sinks https://www.fierceelectronics.com/ai/power-hungry-ai-chips-face-reckoning-chipmakers-promise-efficiency
Being better than competitors does not somehow make their chips any less power hungry . Their continued success will require them to bring their power consumption down in the long term . They can't just be better than everyone else if everyone else is also producing insanely power hungry chips , we only have so much ability to power these things without destroying the environment at an even more accelerated rate .
This is not a stock you go into with a day trading mindset . I don ’ t know why people are worried . If you have a plan than there ’ s nothing to worry about unless you invested all your savings
I'm buying , holding , IDC what the world thinks
The AI revolution has not even made it to other countries Once other countries get on board , the demand is going to be even bigger
NVDA is running at max capacity , and so are the fabs , they literally cannot produce more chips . If we want to see triple digit growth again , we ’ ll have to wait until all the new fabs start going online in late 25 and 26 .
At 3 T cap it can ’ t function as a growth stock like what it once did . It ’ s that simple .
I thought Nvidia was a home builder stock
everything is speculative
Shorting it down the hell
Very Very VERY well said . So many I see here are clueless to this , and harp constantly on fundamentals , things being " priced in " , and just generally espousing efficient market theory completely ignoring the psychological aspect of growth stock prices .
I have a question as an absolute newbie to stocks . But how do you make money from a growth stock ? Is the idea that you just hold on to the stock until later in life when you're ready to retire , and sell it all off ? What's the strategy
No silly , it ’ s a DIVIDEND stock !
It * was * a growth stock . Competition and the AI boom arguably deflating somewhat will see growth continue to cool off for NVIDIA .
You violated a few fundamental principles in investing : 1 . Never put more $ $ $ into investing something you cannot afford to lose . It ’ s an investment , it ’ s not a bank interest that guarantees a return . There is always risk . 2 . Never put 100 % of your life savings into a single investment , whether it ’ s stock / bond / real estate . Only invest the $ $ $ that you set aside after all your monthly expenses / emergency funds are fully accounted for . 3 . Learn the difference between investing vs gambling . Just because everyone put $ $ $ into a certain company and thus you do the same is not investing . You need to do your own research into such company before handing out your $ $ $ . If you hand out $ $ $ and don ’ t know why you hand out $ $ $ and the stock fluctuates in the short term , you panic and regret your decision , that ’ s gambling . Why ? Because you put $ $ $ into a stock expecting it to go up to take profits without knowing anything about the company you invest into . That ’ s no difference than playing in a casino . 4 . Do research on the company you invest , the more $ $ $ you put into it , the better your knowledge of that company better be : sales , revenues , profit margins , product cycle , how relevant the products of said company are , what are the trends , are they becoming vitals to other companies / businesses / consumers ? What about now vs future implications etc . Do all those research once , twice , as many times as needed so that once you put your $ $ $ into it , you won ’ t worry about short term fluctuations because you know the company will grow in the long term , and its price will reflect that accordingly .
The company reported 30b in revenue for Q2 , + 15 % quarter over quarter . NVDA guided down this earnings report for Q3 , at + 8 % QoQ , 32b . Even though the revenue is increasing , the rate at which it is growing is slowing . 15 % to 8 % from one quarter to the next .
What do you guys think ? I invested 30k in NVDA , down - 18 % . Thinking about taking the L and investing the money in google & amazon . Think this is a better option and way safer . Looking at nvda chart , there will be no growth for the next 9 months ( at least ) . Google and Amazon seem „ cheap “ to me , while nvidia will go down to the 80/90 s i think . Of course it will maybe go back to 130/140 but not before end of 2025y Would you do it the same ? What my goal is ? : My goal is to get back my loss
I can see your viewpoint . I purchased the stock knowing that this was a 5 to 10 year investment . I look forward to the forward progress .
Dumped my life savings into it at 135 … how fucked am i 🥲
My logic is that future growth is tied to AI and Tech , and AI and Tech are inextricably tied to NVidia . So I ’ ve got 60 % broad equity ETF , 20 % Tech ETC , and 20 % NVidia with a ten year horizon . Whatever happens , we ’ re all just along for the ride .
You make it sound like a cult not an investment EDIT : Oh right , this sub IS a cult , forgot about that . And I always thought culties worshiped [ whales ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NvidiaStock/s/DWhpLesbtl ) . I wanna see at least one cultist that can match my bag
It has built homes for a few of us !
You do know out of mag 7 Nvidia has the best PEG ratio . So if it is too expensive for it's growth then all other mag 7 should drop too . somehow apple is at all time high , no AI of its own , declining iphone sales , etc . i think markets just don t make sense , short term
If you think it goes down to 80s and 90s then sell obviously , we're holding because we think it's likelier to go to 180 .
Hang in there do not panic . This is a one to five year investment . You don ’ t want to bail you will never get ahead in the market if you sell when you ’ re behind it ’ s a very good stock .
In your case you should constantly sell 130 ~ 140 - ish covered calls , then either nvda gets above it you have back all your principal + some small premium , or if nvda keeps under 140 , you effectively lower your cost basis .
Depends on whether you dumped it into shares or options .
Just sell next time it hits 135 and renter lower lol terrible move but nothing doomsday about it
Morgan Stanley back in mid 2023 predicted nvidias 2026 revenue would be $ 92b current analysts expect it to be closer now to $ 170b . And that was after the initial AI boom , after GPT - 4 came out , after we knew Microsoft and other hyperscalers intended to build out $ 100b individual datacenters with 300k GPUs connected in a single cluster . My point is that even the best analysts can underestimate the future even when it ’ s staring them in the face .
Idk why you're getting downvoted lol
These are obviously green investors on here who don ’ t have much experience with stocks that have parabolic rises .
Damn right 😍
If the other Mag 7 , well specifically the ones buying up AI , aren't spending more on it , it will be reflected on their CapEx , capital expenditures . The market is pricing that in . As you said , AAPL near all time high . And it's pricing down NVDA .
KeyBanc has a 180 price target .
honest question : why do you think that ? I cant see it going anywhere but down
Shares
Doesn ’ t matter . Wallstreet will short it if enough of us are holding . Our collective thousands will never triumphs their collective billions + market makers manipulations
I guarantee he has like a dozen shares too . The culties are always broke and don't care about anything but saying they are HODLING their 2 shares
Yea , they make it blatantly obvious . I can't tell this place apart from r / GME
90 % of analysts are over 150 .
Read literally any sell side analyst report , the consensus is the consensus it's nothing really clever .
You ’ ll be fine if you can make yourself leave it alone for awhile .
Cmon we aren ’ t the gme sub , the stock market isn ’ t some massive manipulation against retail . “ Market makers ” haven ’ t been a thing in terms of moving the price for a decade now , any kind of perceived manipulation is just us humans doing dumb pattern recognition and refusing to take responsibility for any issue that might be our fault .
How long is awhile ? Its been several months now with zero signs of breaking past 140 . You know it ’ s real bad when im no longer wishing for profits , but just for the stock to come back to 135 so i dont lose any money
Stop looking . You don't need that stress and create a health issue . NVDA is a long-term hold , not short term . A few months is short term . Delete your app and go live your life . Look again in , 2 years , 5 years , etc . ( years , not months ) . You only lose money if you sell . Go be a dog walker around the neighborhoods , repaint house numbers , and clean rain gutters to generate immediate income . Then get more shares at this lovely discount price . Before you know it , NDVA will boom again and you'll be ahead .
jesus christ if nvda looks so bad to you take your loss and never invest again 😭
Bought on January 23 , 2015 . $ 5k — > $ 1.22 million .
Bought 2000 shares in 2012 . I am retired because of NVDA
Dad bought the equivalent of 100,000 shares in 1999 . Now worth between $ 11 and $ 13 million , depending on the day . He makes or loses $ 100k for every dollar fluctuation in the stock
Bought 2K in 2020 , sold for a loss in 2020 . Poor choices . Bought again three weeks ago .
My uncle has been doing options for 5 years on nvda and made 25 million . His nuts drag the floor .
Me . Unfortunately I'm - $ 1,200 , 000 right now .
Yeah .. I ’ m lucky to be one of these millionaires since I started buying NVDA last year ! Ride this rocket to the moon .
literally every employee at NVDA
👋 not me , not yet at least 😈
I'm up 1.8 overall since 2021
many of nvidia employees , and diamond holders
Bought $ 60k in January 2016 . Retiring next month
🤚🏻
I .
Congrats to all of you who have made it big here ! I'm a new investor and looking to invest in NVDA , is now a good time to buy or has that past ?
So those who got there .. What is the exit strategy ?
many x over
I been a small shareholder since I couldnt afford a RTX 4090 . Decided to go all in this January and made a clean 1.5 mil , yes I bought myself an RTX 4090 for dual screen excel now .
Only fools selling out of this stock . The earnings are still through the roof every quarter . Only mistake made is taking any profit at all .
i got 2m from tsla , 3m from nvda totaling around 5m now in stocks targetting 10m asap
Rolled a $ 40k 401k into an IRA when I changed jobs around 2013/2014 . Put it all in NVIDIA . Was hoping it would supplement my main retirement account at the new job … now it is my main retirement account at 1.2 to 1.5 million depending on the day
250 on the St0ck ! will give me 1 million in this
Split adjusted , 10k shares at 24 . So value is over 1MM but profit is hovering
Not yet . At a measly 6 figure profits . One day I'm confident I'll join the club
I have 1370 shares now at an average of $ 59 .
Profit taking is also good . Enjoy your gains .
Well done
Hey , I got these cheeseburgers , man ...
congratz
This guy fucks
So what ’ s next ?
Well done ! You holding 100 % of it still ? Sold some ?
How did you decide to purchase NVDA back in 2015 ?
How did you not panic sell and lock in gains when NVDA dropped almost 70 % from 2021-2022 ? That was around $ 300,000 — > $ 100,000
This is inspiring . That is genuinely badass , congratulations ! Thanks for sharing with us , and have a great day / holiday .
It ’ s 9 years , this guy deserves it .
That only sounds like 1 M 🤪 . Where's the two ? 🎉
Congratulations
Similar story for me , cheers to you too !
Stupid question but how did choose NVDA in 2012 ?
I bought my shares in September 2019 , but it sold off due to a stop loss not too long ago . I was already planning on retirement ( I'm retired now ) , but it's a nice bonus !
What led you to buy NVDA back in 1999 .
Ouch
I did too 🤣 I bought like 2020 and sold as soon as I could December 2020 because I got nervous
My friend who became a multi millionaire from NVDA says it ’ s like winning the lottery .
How hard is it to understand option trading ?
Holy gigachad
What ! How ? ☹ ️
Short ?
How many shares does that represent today ?
Sadly you are on the moon and dont know it . I HATE seeing people waste a great trade / idea .
Hell probably even the janitors if they were paid with nvda stock
Those who were lucky yes . Those who " diversified " no . Remember Bill Gates would be a trillionaire if he didn't diversify with MSFT . Same goes for most employees unless you're higher up and already got a ton of stock .
What led you to buy back In 2016 ?
Buy , borrow , die
I ’ m holding until the alpha is gone . Then will diversify more into index funds . Selling calls and puts and reinvesting into shares currently
Dump on the top bubble buyers this year
We all know the next part .
Is that from don't be a menace ?
$ 1 BILLIONNN dollars ( insert Dr . Evil emoticon )
Waiting for Nvidia to 10x revenue with stock price probably 5-10 x as well and retire early . I invested more than him but in 2016 and I'll wait for another 10x bagger before I sell a single Nvidia share .
Exactly . Take the well-earned win and find something new .
Haven ’ t sold a single share .
Don ’ t laugh . In 2015 , I firmly believed self driving cars was the next great thing . Then crypto became much more popular . Then AI took off . So , I invested in a great company but my original reason hasn ’ t panned out yet . So , good luck and patience . BTW , I ’ ve had it on dividend reinvestment since day 1 and that alone has given me an extra 315 shares .
It was my dad . They were peripherally in Jensen's parent's social circle and they knew him to be a solid , smart individual with what appeared to be a solid company
I guess the take away is don ’ t get nervous . You have to look out over the horizon of one year , two-year , three-year , . It ’ s going to go up .
To understand it ? Not very hard . To be successful ? Extremely difficult .
Bought on margin
I wouldn't consider 5 ' - 10 " short
You think it's topped ?
Reading about how GPU ’ s were good at accelerated computing then reading about how Nvidia was undisputed leader in GPU ’ s . The only competition was AMD — who hadn ’ t been profitable in years . So it seemed obvious they ’ d have a hell of a runway to extend their lead and eventually reap the benefits of GPU ’ s growth in high speed compute
Put
Maybe 😂
I'm not sure it's " extremely difficult " . It is a capital intensive enterprise . You can sell calls and puts and generate a pretty low risk cash flow , but you have to have substantial cash reserves to back it up . What is extremely difficult is succeeding at trading NVDA options with less than $ 100,000 .
Seriously how are you down so big . Are you shorting ?
I need to rewatch that .
Yes that is a low risk Strat for derivatives and is misleading considering the context of this post . Could you makes million writing nvda options ? Yes . But the margin / calital / share count needed to do so is prohibitive for the majority of retailers . On the flip side , buying naked calls or puts could have yielded many millions over the past few years with relatively low capital , but would have taken a lot more “ skill ” . They say 90 something percent of options expire worthless , which to your point writing is a way lower risk / easier . TLDR : writing options has a higher success rate but requires more capital / margin and if we are talking about writing naked calls it is an even riskier strategy .
That ’ s an expansion of what I said … options trading isn ’ t extremely difficult per se , its extremely difficult without a lot of cash .
Options trading isn ’ t extremely difficult per se as long as you have a fuck ton of capital * * and * * you just sell covered calls and cash secured puts ? Okay
Yeah . I don ’ t have a fuck ton of money , but I do have enough to collateralize my puts . I ’ m not a WSB trader . I try not to do dumb things and I try to never get greedy . As long as I am coming out on top 60 % of the time or better then I can make a decent amount of money . You can get rich slowly trading derivatives too . But it will be faster than buying and holding securities . Which I also do .
Yes but they ’ re selling H200 . This means more $ $ on previous architecture . You know why ? Because there ’ s no other option . Big corporations who put orders in for the delayed B200 are just going to buy more H200 . And no way are they cancelling B200 orders , when the delivery time is 2yrs . There ’ s no downsides to this . 😇
A 4-6 week delay is absolutely nothing . More pent up demand then .
We good bro
If it known , it is baked into the price .
4-6 weeks is nothing
I would mind production delay news and concerns . If that reflects in the stock price and causes it to dip , it ’ s a good time to buy to increase shares ownership
This is very well said . It goes to show just how vast this moat NVDA has built . Even with delays on their best chips their second or third options are still superior to their competitors . Amazing
I agree with this sentiment
Can someone explain that a bit more for the newbs ?
Nah , there are a huge number of GPU flat earthers in the room who haven't priced in just how hard it is to build another NVDA or you wouldn't see hit pieces dismissing them as another CSCO or read scary campfire stories like AMD taking all their marketshare . And apparently , it never gets old , but Eric Schmidt spelled out what the billionaires are doing until he suddenly found out he was on camera . " If $ 300 billion is all going to go to Nvidia , you know what to do in the stock market . Okay . That's not a stock recommendation . " - Eric Schmidt The projection is a $ 5 EPS by the end of 2025 . That's enough to drive NVDA to somewhere between $ 150 and $ 200 . What it does between now and then will be plenty of opportunity to trade on the flat earther beta . But this analysis is spot-on .
The oven isn't done cooking LMAO stocks go up AND down :D
Right , often the big whales and industry leaders in the market are 1-3 years ahead of the news and retail investors . I don ’ t doubt stock will go up but not at the same rate as past few years .
I know right . Short term turbulence for day traders to profit on . If anything , its strengthens the long term thesis .
I watched the video but missed the part where he was surprised to be on camera :) Great chat with him 👍
The talk is an hour long , here's the moment from the transcript : " So in the example that I gave of the TikTok competitor , and by the way , I was not arguing that you should illegally steal everybody's music . What you would do if you're a Silicon Valley entrepreneur , which hopefully all of you will be , is if it took off , then you'd hire a whole bunch of lawyers to go clean the mess up , right ? But if nobody uses your product , it doesn't matter that you stole all the content . And do not quote me . Right . Right . You're on camera . "
It's not just Nvidia , the whole market is halted . Trillions got wiped out in 6 hours since nikkei opened . Europe recovered the market a bit but if they want to hold up liquidity and control paranoia in the morning , halting was necessary . This isn't about nvda anymore .
[ deleted ]
Looks like RH just halted the 24 hour market as well
Happens , welcome to the stock market
Get ready to spread yiur cheeks
No sleep tonight
Explains why Warren buffet sold half his Appl
Capping liquidity while the rest of their holding get clapped by the margin holders , preventing clients in profit winners like NVDa are being used to cover their losses elsewhere .
There are some really terrific sales on stocks today !
And that ’ s the market for you 😂 analysts and predictions about more red as soon as the market opens ! Market always proves and says , “ never try to predict the next move ”
How long do halts last ? Is there a place you can look to see when the market is no longer being halted ? I didn't see it till I tried to confirm my order
This market mess is not good for the current administration and upcoming elections . I believe the fed should have issued 25 cut to rates last week . Will be rough ride at this point till mid sept .
When people are running away screaming sell is when I ’ m running in and buying .
It ’ s called a limit down . Any equity or index that experiences an increased sell off will halt at the exchange ( not the broker ) for 5-10 minutes before resuming . ( Looks like this is the overnight market , but the same applies ) This , sweet summer children , is starting to be real red . And you should be excited . All who argued with me over -0.53 % … . I shudder at your temperament if this happens at open .
I rarely wait for CNBC to come on the air at 4:00 CDT but guarantee you I will be all ears !
What a pucking beauty ! ! It ’ s coming backkkkkkkk
Defense contractors about to line my pockets baby
Time for everyone to hate who ever is responsible for this as much as they hate Robinhood 🙄
Well I guess Biden and Kamala economics ain ’ t working . I know this because I ’ m down $ 20k .
Yea they can , what are you going to do about it
They not suppose to do that . But since you are trading at 3rd party platform you are under their mercy
Thiefs
Maybe it's only trade republic ... Scalable capital is still open for nvda .
Well it's be a historical day for sure ...
It fell off a cliff , that ’ s why . It ’ s in double digits right now
Today gonna hurt .
Free Market my fucking ass ! behind the scenes coordination to prop up the market makers and wipe out retail , every fucking time
How are people like this investing ? It's absolute gambling without any basic understanding of how the system works .
Take a deep breath .
Love how asshats halt it on the way up a lot sooner then they did on the way down .
Why are you selling when it ’ s 30 % down in a month ? Buy more
Wait till 8a and 9:30 a . Actually all week . Get your tissues ready .
Damn ... lucky i put in an open sell order @ market price on all my stocks once the market opens on my Charles Schwab trading account ! ! ! I hope it goes through , I know i'm going to take a loss .
OH SHIT WE ARE BACK TO 2020 DAYS ? ?
I can still sell other stocks though . Only getting the notice for NVIDIA so far . Where did you get this news ?
BetTeR cALl tHE SEc abOUT tHE MANipULaTion
Thanks for the explanation ! So we can expect a higher volatility at 8 am US New York time ?
I feel like the main character from Office Space today . I don't know why , but that's how I feel . I see stuff tanking left and right but I've seen these wild swings SOOOOOOO many times .
Don ’ t look , just go straight to the bar . For gods sake don ’ t sell now , just buy more .
That caused a lot of this .
Ya ain't nobody buying iphones except for basic starbucks women at this point .
Ours being one of them !
This halt is literally preventing a shitload more money being lost . When there is a market movement + \ - 10 % inside of 5 minutes , it triggers a halt . It ’ s like a circuit breaker in your house during a power surge
Thieves * Lookup market circuit breakers if you want to understand what ’ s going on . If not , keep whining and slinging insults .
And now it's down too :(
To get tax back
Why are you liquidating ? You should be buying everything in sight at these levels . Not just NVDA , but these prices are incredible . All it needs is some news to spark fear . Fear leads to good prices .
Rookie lol buy high sell low ? Gimme your money I'll buy your shares at this discount
Google it , go on x , look around reddit . From the second i woke up i was able to see the whole shabang is down . Research boi Halting is necessary
Bud , you need to do ALOT more research about stock trading . Maybe start with halts and why they happen .
There's something called the Internet where you can find some info ... Just saying :)
Oh yeah
" ain't nobody " is the same as " everybody " .
Unless someone is on margin and can't execute a sell to prevent a margin call . That would really stink .
May I ask how that works ? Wouldn't those that plan to sell , just sell it after trading has resumed ? This is my first time seeing an exchange wide trading halt , so I'm not sure about the specifics .
BS is stopping large investors from losing as much , the common man will be let back in
Dont we want more money to be lost we all in on puts
Fair enough … but in August ? Wait till may or April 2025
So you ’ re saying now is a good time to sell 🤔
Well , I guess the answer there is don't trade on margin every again .
Same here . The last time I saw an event like this was 2021 . I imagine margins will be called and short positions will begin to cover / close . MMs have their work cut out for them for the rest of the week
( I'm a noob investor ) I heard that they stop it because of something called margin calls , that is if peoples portfolio gets deep into red then their other stocks get sold automatically to stay liquid . This causes more stocks to go into red . And more people to sell . They stop the trading to stop that process and make people reconsider .
You think the MMs don ’ t have to hedge that ? ?
No . It ’ s worst time imo .
lol what - you sell when you are grey and old . Foolish to start selling now . Dont be that guy
Now is actually the time to buy .
To buy yo !
Sell low , buy high . Trust me bro
Tell that to the people who bought in at 140 lmao
LMAO if they did , same advice
True but being down 40 % is pretty big difference in mindset compared to being down 40 % while still being up 1000 %
Buy more bring down your average share cost . This is a macro event . The company is just fine .
I'll wait for $ 80 or lower
You won't see it
We'll see bro .. we'll fucking see The market doesn't give a shit about company fundamentals when it's free falling
I wasn ’ t aware there were any naysayers .
Everybody is a critic when the price is going down . However , NVDA did great in their EPS . It was the asswipes who sold billions in options who could not let them expire in the money . So they began dumping and dumping right after EPS to cause panic selling . It worked . Me ? I am holding ...
TLDR for everyone else who needn't bother with reading this drivel : " we have no idea why successful founders are successful , we just know that they are . "
Nvidia is the best place to work according to all of the software analysts out there ! That ’ s enough for me . The best minds want in that place . That ’ s enough for me !
Of course NVDA is doing fine . It ’ s just been overvalued a bit since last earnings . The forward P / E had been running at about 35 prior to that , then had gone up to almost 50 .
When you are under the microscope and care a damn about your company and reputation , you will get involved in every minute detail as any growth company Entrepreneur would do . I am eager to read about his next new venture , please do share if you have any .
Name one person saying he isn ’ t running it correctly 😂
I legit read it as " Jesus runs nvidia " ☠ ️ 🤣
Very interesting read . I think manager mode seems optimized for industries that are mature and aren't looking to grow very fast , whereas founder mode is necessary if you want to keep pushing boundaries . GPUs have been around for decades , however , hundred million dollar datacenters driven by GPUs are clearly a new and disruptive technology so running Nvidia like a startup might make sense . Nvidia also has way fewer employees than the other trillion dollar tech companies so this is somewhat more feasible . This also doesn't have to happen at the company level . The description of founder mode reminds me a lot of Demis Hassabis ( leader of Deepmind ) .
What naysayers ? !
Leather jacket is always correct and always leather
There are always naysayers when somebody is successful
The naysayers are unemployed redditors who are butthurt the stock isn't up 900 % this month
A lot of people say that he is micromanaging and not letting his deputies grow or something . There's this popular stripe interview https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pfa8kPjUio where the Stripe CEO pushed back on his style .
A more charitable TLDR would be " the usual advice for CEOs of large companies is to only engage with the C-suite and one rung down , however , successful founders talk to people at every level of the organization "
Manager mode are for business people who have no clue what's going on , so they have rigorous delegation and spend all their energies on management of people , but founders ought to know better and can optimize processes and product .
No one is always right . That ’ s nonsense
I'm butt hurt but I'm employed 😂 does that count . Also , I'm not a naysayer as I think Jensen is amazing .
Seriously ? Jensen Huang has 50 ( fifty ) direct reports . Years ago I was a supplier to Nvidia and saw how the company runs . It's based on a common vision and everyone doing the right thing on their own . Micromanagement is neither possible nor desired . Are they demanding ? Very . Are people held accountable with clear metrics ? Very much so . But those things are not to be confused with micromanagement .
Doesn't he have ~ 150 direct reports ? How do you micromanage 150 people ? That's impressive , if nothing else .
> https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=8Pfa8kPjUio I'm not sure if an interview equates to " all the naysayers " .
Micromanaging eventually backfires . People tolerate micromanaging when they work for a rising company and believe in its future . Nothing lasts forever .
Well , why butt hurt ? Its just a little swing . Not the end of NVDA .
I am showing you an example , if you're asking for a well cited list I don't want to put in that much effort . Kinda unfair to ask for in a casual reddit thread .
Did you read the essay in the link ?
Facts
Why is it unfair to ask you about a statement you made ?
Yes there was a lot of discussion about jensen's management style in startup circles and a lot of people both managers and workers who didn't like it . I showed a representation of the sentiment in my link , I can dig up all the threads and discussions but come on who's going to try that hard for a reddit comment . If you're unhappy with it , I'm sorry I failed to convince you !
OP : cherry picks one example that does not represent a consensus , is called out for it , feigns offense at the notion they need to back up such a bold claim .
There is no consensus of naysayers for the prolific CEO of one of the best companies on the planet . The proof is in the pudding . There ’ s no representation in your link . It ’ s a single guy hosting an interview .
I don't know why you guys think I'm claiming a consensus ... there's a vocal minority who's critical of jensen's management style , I think it's interesting there are more voices out there discussing the issue and showing why jensen's doing it better .
I never said there was a consensus ... I'm just dunking on the minority of haters . You can literally see some of them in this very thread .
I feel so , so bad for those who decided to sell after the price dipped to 100 or even lower .
Never sell , hold for the next decade . Ride the roller coaster but never get off , and at the end you ’ ll be thankful you stayed on
Bwahaha I notice with the 4 point gain today . Gonna hold off till post earnings before personally think any slump is over .
These articles always come out AFTER the stock rallies . A week earlier everyone ’ s writing about how overpriced it is , how the AI bubble has bursts , how people are rotating out of mega cap into small cap … These people don ’ t have intelligence or foresight , they just ride the wave of the stock price .
#ALL-IN NVDL BABY
$ 150 before earnings is high probability ... just three or 5 days of climbing $ 5 - $ 8 should take it there which is not out of range for this stock to trade
Well they want it to go up .. so say that ..
Return to the mean ?
It's amazing how these takes see-saw , day to day or week to week .
You mean the nice lads who sold me their shares :) ? Eh .. they made their choice . Definitely wasn't a good one , but the stock market ain't for everyone .
My avg is 98.99 I reached to lose a few bucks , but at that point I ate all the dropped , I am new to this , once I reached 50 % or 60 % of earnings which I see doable in the current year I will sell and wait for another drop . If I would sell my stocks earlier I would buy back this dip . Previously , I reached 110 % of earnings when my avg was 400 usd , I continued buying until I got this avg of 98.99 , now I have 1,095 stocks , I think I could buy a nice house in two years from here with that thing there Let's cross fingers
I don ’ t lmao . That was an irrational sell
Averaged at 70s . I sold at 104 then a day later bought it all back , saw a appreciable recovery today . Lost a few thou in potential gain but I am still in the game !
I sold around 115 and rebought at 103 - ish so I'm happy :D
Going back down but further after q3 .
I feel bad for peopel who wanted to buy more but didn't have money
Folks probably taking profits which is the smart thing to do . A stock doesn ’ t drop 30-40 % for no reason . Market fell but NVDA fell more .
Yea , i don't think think we going uphill on this ride just yet
I don ’ t think that it ’ s a “ high ” probability , but I would be very grateful , if it did
How do you know those people didn't sell at a large profit and then reinvest their money in something that's providing an even greater return right now ?
Build a home bro , I ’ ll be happy for you man
Nice !
I mean the amount of market manipulation on this stock is simply absurd . It's like they don't want it to go up but can't deny the incredible position it is in .
Yeah , I remember this sub was filled with people saying it would go to $ 50-60 before recovering even , lol . Had that happened , they'd probably feel a lot better today . Not saying it's never a good idea to sell , but I feel for those who sold when it was low only to see it bounce back so quickly .
What stocks have gone up 20 % in the last week or so that would be providing a greater return right now ?
That would be incredible considering how much NVDA has gone up in just a few days . Sure , a few probably did , but less than 1 % for sure .
It ’ s become a meme stock ever since the stock split … volume is insane .
💯
Starbucks … drops mic
Stocks don't need to go up 20 % to get a better return . A stock could go up 1 % ( or down ) and still provide a better return to someone trading options . Also , plenty of stocks went up far more than NVDA on the recovery from the Yen carry trade . Do you pay attention to anything besides NVDA ? Lol
[ deleted ]
What the fuck are you talking about ? First , how do you know what these people's cost basis is ? Second , NVDA is not even close to being the top or bottom market mover this week or last ... You do realize that you can make much more money trading on leverage than simply buying and holding a stock ?
or it's just the most popular stock . Meme is not because it's high volume or " popular " . Meme is a stock that is trading higher because of not great reasons other than " I just like the stock "
I think NVDA has been doing better than SBUX . SBUX had one good day , NVDA has moved up more than SBUX . Might want to pick that mic back up
I dunno . I pay attention to a lot is stocks , but if you aren ’ t happy with NVDA , that ’ s on you
Sure did . Do you really think that they sold NVDA at $ 95 and invested in SBUX ? Even if they did , they matched what NVDA did since bouncing off of $ 92 . I feel like you are not grasping the conversation , but go ahead and keep posting unicorns
This dip is painful .
Not really . My calls are down significantly . ( 97 pct ) and my puts that I used to hedge those calls are also down 60pct because I rolled a solid 1 on the luck stat
I got my nvdl shares down to 64 from 67
If it goes under $ 110 I ’ m backing the truck up
Nope , I'm getting fucked - but I'm holding on for dear life , we going back to $ 140 and that's when I sell
Nice kitbash . If that were real pretty sure some might have already fallen to their deaths or been some accidents given just how nauseous the ride has been .
Hell no
Wished it dropped to 115 for my buy order :-/
Nvidia Coaster
Less than a month ago it had dipped under 100 . This dip doesn ’ t seem like an issue at all really ? ?
Shouldn't be if you look at historical data . Always dips around earnings , then climbs up .
It's a rough ride , I think a lot of people want to throw up at this point too . I hope for your sake , and that of most of us , that there's a climb in the near future of this ride .
No you got IV crushed
110 might not be a good stopping point
AI draws a screwed up rollercoaster doesn't it ?
As long as we don't go into the 80 ' s in a month or two 😬 I'm concerned about how institutions and normal investors are going to react to the election , and the rumor mill is going to go wild . I hope journalists don't start fabricating more restrictions on sales to China . People will believe it whether it's true or not . Institutions will sell off if they smell a possibility of it being true ( in an attempt to sell before it really dips ) . To add to the volatility , everyone knows Blackwell isn't going to be on the Nov earnings report . Hoping for the best , though .
Still painful to see the price drops .
You don ’ t think it ’ s different this time they reported slowing revenue growth and margin ?
What i mean is that if it's down , why bother about it at all , don't let it affect your daily life . Just wait it out and sell when you are at plus if you think the risk is too high or if you can't take it emotionally . There is always data to argue for either bull or bear .
There is an implied 1 day move of 10.42 % currently on NVDA post earnings … that ’ s the range for either up or down ..
People say this before every earnings report and NVDA always crushes it 🤷
It was only 6 years ago Apple hit 1 trillion market cap , two years later they hit 2 , and 3 years after that they hit 3 . All these people saying how much higher can it go needs to remember this . Companies will ( in the not so distant future ) start hitting 4T , and the cycle will continue
I think QQQ and NVDA will keep going to ATH in September before Powell speech . I ’ m playing that window with options , then I ’ m out for awhile ( holding shares indefinitely ) . I think u / dieselcock seems to think they ’ ll both continue climbing as well , no ? I definitely share your skepticism though
OP - The ER or profits already priced in is a fallacy … You can ’ t price in how people are going to react to news , confidence people have in a company , or the momentum of a stock . The reason why NVDA stock blew up back from $ 92 , cuz there the normal summer market sell off and people saw extreme value at that price point and imo anything before $ 120 is value . Also as an example , Tesla . That stock has no business trading at $ 220 . It should be around $ 140 - $ 150 at best and really imo around $ 50 - $ 60 . As they ’ ve missed their last 4 earnings calls , their market share is shrinking , profits are down , and Elmo gone full racist maga . On top of that , the dumbass shareholder what to give this clown $ 60 billion for destroying Tesla and they haven ’ t come out with a significant product in 4-5 years except the CybeDump . Yet how do you price in all this bad news and then Elmo comes out that FSD vehicles are coming soon ( probably 2069 ) and his Stans drive up the stock by 80-100 points in a month ? Less extreme , how do price anything with DJT ? Company worth $ 4.5 B , yet they only manage to generate $ 800k in revenue last quarter . My point , anything can happen short term at earnings but folks have been saying the NVDA can ’ t keep going up for 18 months and yet here we are . If people scream doom long enough , eventually I ’ m sure someone will be right . However , all I know is if a company is fundamentally sound , great leadership , confidence is high , and it keeps printing money like NVDA does , stock is gonna moon till it doesn ’ t or more likely it ’ s gonna take a major correction to the entire market to crush the stock . Even then , base on AI investments over the next 3-5 years , NVDA is forecast to be a $ 6-10 T mc company by 2030 if not sooner pending on the economy , AI success . Some estimates say $ 200 by end of 2024 and $ 300 by end of 2025 . I dunno but you ’ re welcome to jump off the train but I ’ m here for the long haul .
The estimated EPS are priced in of $ 0.64 . If it out performs this then the stock will likely go up . If it meets this the stock will still likely go up ; if it gets below this you will likely see major corrections , NVDA has beat the last 6 estimates by 8.64- 29.19 % . November 2022 was the last under performed by 15.94 % and August 2022 was a miss by 59.52 % . I expect to see the stock to realistically hit $ 135 - $ 140 into Wednesday afternoon next week and there may be a sell off following earnings .
Tbf i thought the same thing . I actually expected another wave of correction to get prices closer to the mean .
If ER was fully priced in , price would be at the 140 level and IV is in the 40s not 70s like now . The price action last week was almost surpressed by the Jackson Hole event and not the pricing in . IV for options is still high , meaning we are still speculation mode . Before every ER , because of the speculation nature , some are bearish , some are bullish , therefore the price is almost flat in a few days . But after the cat is out of the bag , IV will crash , meaning we are in certainty mode , and the price action truly reflects the result of the ER . We are not in that state yet , as we were in any pre-ER period .
The price of any stock is always priced in with expectations . It changes everyday as people adjust their expectation based on available news … . of war , commodities , similar industry / peers , the weather , laws / regulations , cost of money ( interest rates ) , etc . Some people may buy / sell for other reasons but the current price is based on current expectations of future profit ( likelihood ) as compared to alternatives .
I have this weird feeling ' they ' are gonna create a stir next week to make people feel uneasy before ER to push the price down . Some BS , " Wall Street " thinks Nvidia may have production issues . Blackwell is more delayed . You know BS . I should work for the media , think I nailed it lol This whole week was way too predictable . We knew exactly how Jerome was going to roll , but big boys still pushed it down ...
Of course , ER is already priced in . It is about guidance for next quarter and next year . Stock is volatile as it is high growth and people trying to lot of trading for small amounts of money making it going up and down .
I'm so tired of this " priced in , " terminology without saying WHAT is priced in ? Just " earnings ? " What earnings ? Are you saying 29 or 30B is priced in with 77 % margins and 65 % gross margins and guiding to 34B with similar margins ? Or do you think ... 28B and guiding for 32B is priced in ? Tell me WHAT is priced in ( in your opinion ) when you say it's " priced in ? " A beat ... by a good margin , THAT'S priced in . If it just hits guidance , it's going to drop \ ~ 25 % or more . A beat by a 1.5- 2B , that's not priced in and I think it'll beat by more than that . So no , I DON'T think this is priced in , I know at least a couple analysts don't believe their earnings are priced in . The ONLY thing I see dampening this stock is * * * guidance * * * , but ... I don't see that happening either . Go back , listen to MSFT , AMZN , META , TSLA , META ( the risk in underspending is greater than the risk of spending ) . AMZN beat on cloud and they just picked up a large client . AZURE beat . These companies keep revsising CapEx on NVDA upward . This is the most important earnings of the year thus far and ... there's really no reason to think it's NOT going to be a successful one . 155 after earnings ... and then settling back in around \ ~ 140 and then it'll trade sideways , maybe some macro events will cause it to dip , but things are going well .
the dip to 90 was due to the trade unwind so it's just stock changing hands . all other mag 7 are back to where they were and continue to grow . if there isn't a pop during earnings but it continues its rise after strong guidance what's wrong with that I owned stock that was volatile and heavily shorted and it moons during earnings due to shorts covering nvidia is like some free money glitch in comparison . Just ride the wave .
Although they may have , people shouldn't attach a rate decrease to any of the MAG 7 . The biggest impact it has is to mid and small cap stocks . After his speech , the Russell 2000 and S & P400 heat maps were bright green .
It's all about the market cap , baby . NVDA is a modest $ 3.5 tril with their profit margins and position in the future of supercomputer spending . AI is a layman's hype term . This is about LLM , quantum , SCaaS and so much more !
Don't forget the entire market , including semis , including NVDA , completely shit the bed only a couple of weeks ago . No , I don't think it's priced in yet . That's the one good thing about all the recent AI fear mongering this month . It kept expectations at bay . Because thankfully Reddit and Stocktwits don't really speak for all investors . At least half of'em are still whining about P / E , swearing it's headed for the basement .
It ’ s not . The behavior of the stock indicates it ’ s going to blow earnings out of the water . Institutions are pouring money in ; the retail investors don ’ t have enough to inflate it this much . Institutions rely on Nvidia to show off their success in growing portfolios for their investors . Nvidia is a safe bet , little risk involved , and Nvidia ’ s main customers have reiterated their continued commitment to invest a lot more . Not only that , META is the proof that A . I . is working and that realized gains are around the corner . It ’ s plainly obvious . All the data is there . TRY to find data that says otherwise . One can argue that companies could choose to not invest into A . I . because it is not profitable , but who ’ s arguing that ? Literally what kinds of people with what kinds of education and experience in the tech market is taking that perspective ? Do you believe they are in a position to make any qualified assertions ? Do you believe that these major companies that are making billions per quarter are myopic to successful business models and the future of their business growth ? Maybe I don ’ t know what I am talking about , and would absolutely appreciate being corrected with sound logic that harmonizes with future outlook . I mean , this IS 2024 . We are living in a technological era , are we not ?
In 2020 people said the same shit about Tesla - a couple big names shorted it too … they lost hundreds of millions in doing so . Wanna know the biggest difference between Tesla and NVDA ? Tesla is a dogshit company that will probably never be worth its valuation and NVDA is the real deal . Do what you want with the stock but remember these words in 2-3 years … you ’ ll definitely see what I ’ m talking about .
Nope . Just nope .
look at the 1-2 year chart , nvda has only gone up
I ’ m selling most my calls the day of ER just before it . That will be the peak IMO
Valuations are driven by interest rates .
If you know the amount of pressures the nVidia employees are feeling , which is very similar to how it felt at Apple . You will think otherwise .
It ’ s not priced in . If they don ’ t blow away estimates it ’ ll drop 9 % . If they do , it climbs 9 % .
I think every day until sept 1 is green . Yes it ’ s priced in . But NVDA is a hype play too . Am I hoping for $ 230 ? Sure I have some sell at that number . 🤣 It realistically hits $ 150-160 For 1 second and it ’ s a quick blip Are we predicting ?
This stock is not like any other stock that any of you have ever traded . There's never been a stock like it and there's never been a time like now ... and nobody can really predict future but one thing that we all know from every analyst except maybe one tout it , and all of the mag sevens want to get their hands on the product ... whether it's the late or not and I don't think it is . This is a completely different ball game ... Only one company has the product . I'm 66 % in and two leaps and two calls 33 % in other biggest tech companies and in it long .
I can ’ t predict where it will go , but I think NVDA management knows how to play the game , and will once again beat their guidance by enough to exceed what ’ s priced in .
With as many people ready to buy or sell as there are .. I feel like its almost or is a meme stock , but they have great numbers and are a great company .. So with this many people ready to make a move in one direction or another .. if we somehow miss earnings it wont be good probably ... and if we surprise earnings by a tiny bit ... might be unlike anything weve seen
Nvda is gonna fucking rip back up to split territory in a few years . Just buckle up .
Almost the whole market went down earlier and then up after JPow speech today .
Moon .
Do you get that feeling because everyone in cndb had been saying that ?
Earnings report prices in an expected profit increase . The market has already priced in the expected profit increase . But what has happened is that the actual profits increase from the earnings report indicated a far greater profit increase than what was expected . That surprise is not priced in and that's what makes it jump .
The only thing priced in is today .
121 again , 135 maybe ... I think earnings may disappoint . The street keeps raising them and we know there are some setbacks with supply . If you're expecting phenomenal earnings and only get wonderful earnings , you get a drop , which I think would largely get bought up soon after . I'm holding my shares long term , and my zebras are already ITM , so as long as we don't get a huge drop I'll be happy and turning a profit . Obviously more green is better , so if the zebras go on a stampede I'm not complaining , but I agree I think it's largely priced in at this point .
Tech stock is risky . It just takes another innovation , and it all goes away . I would imagine that they reinvest enough to be on top , but the world is full of smart people .
It's a fair point you make . Having said that , what would be a fair valuation you would give the stock right now ?
I'm up 150 % I say it's priced in . I've doubled my 50k investment . I'll ride it out for 5 years see whats up . Your doing options good for you I'll just let my $ $ $ keep growing .
Earnings on Wednesday is already priced in . What the report says will be instantly priced in as soon as it gets released . The market does not know the future , although it does take some speculation into account . It is possible that the report is exactly in line with expectations and speculations and after release the stock only moves a few dollars . It ’ s also possible that ww3 starts on Tuesday and come Wednesday no one will care what the report says and the stock is just driven by larger market forces . Kinda like what happened with apples last earnings while the market was crashing .
I bought calls for the week after earnings 🤞
TL ;D R . $ 158 \ ~ $ 164 . <--- { Soon ! Forget those couple of days when the whole market on correction / sell-off , It is that simple to grasp . * * Not worry at all * * . There's at least another decade before considering some questionable thought . $ 200 \ ~ $ 264 next year .
Every mouth breather I know has loaded full port in NVDA
people say this every er and it's never priced in I'm expecting nvda 170
everyone is waiting to unload after the earnings ... 110 to 115 highly likely right after earnings if no shocking report but just as expected or small earnings suprise
It will probably go up a little more , especially after earnings , but the greedy people who hold on too long are gonna get skrewed
The market can price in , let's say , a 60 % chance of Nvidia beating earnings by x % , but until the actual numbers come out , there's no way to price in 100 % of the growth--assuming Nvidia beats earnings . So the stock will likely increase / decrease depending on the numbers that come out
Kind of have a similar thought : I plan to trim NVDA from my portfolio by at least 40 % since more money is invested in this one company , And the risk vs reward is not worth it anymore . But I am also bullish in long term .
AI increases productivity significantly . It means fast R & d , production and better delivery . A mere 3T is peanuts in face of this tech revolution . One should compare this to the dawn of the windows operating system
The way markets respond to good news is unpredictable , IMO . Personally , I would not make any assumptions or bets.The fiscal context , market sentiment at the time of the ER , and the guidance offered for the next quarter can all have a lot of sway . This especially applies if the data in the ER is mixed . Dieselcock is the best informed pundit I know of on here . Always worth reading . But he relies a little too much on charts , IMO . I'm still bullish and have been in for 3 yrs but sold 60 % of my holding at 960 . Used the money to buy QQQ .
Yes everything is priced in
I ’ m retired and too heavily weighted NVDA ( 50 % directly and more inside SPY , QQQ , and nearly every other fund I own ) . It ’ s been a good thing for me so far , doubling my retirement accounts in the last year and materially changing my future . I ’ m still bullish on the company , but an adverse geopolitical event could destroy me . So I plan to lighten up soon . I ’ ll probably put in some sell orders after hours for around 155-160 , in case there is a pop . Otherwise , I think middle of September I ’ ll start writing ATM covered calls to get out with a little added options premium . My goal is to get down to about 20 % . I don ’ t want to completely miss out on future growth .
AI is in its infancy . Nvidia is the player sitting at the center of the profit chain for at least the next 2 years . I bought it a few years ago and am holding at least the next few .
Everything is priced in . Go read that post from years ago on wsb , it will give you some better perspective .
[ removed ]
Nobody knows what a fair price is . Why is $ 130 justified and why was $ 120 not enough ? It doesn ’ t matter what the current number is . If earnings and guidance are impressive , there will be a rally , however temporary . And that IS easy money . I am telling you . Before the event . Don ’ t get fixated on arbitrary price levels .
Options market implies 10 % move which is higher than past ERs . Sell covered calls and be happy .
I get the sentiment , but what makes this one any different than the last five ? Those were priced in as well . And here we are ... $ 1300 ( pre-split ) staring at potentially much higher .
I'm selling at 145. 2000 shares , entry point was 20 . I'll have made plenty at that point , and sooner or later NVDA is inevitably going to miss an ER - and come tumbling down 50 % or so . Maybe I'll buy back in if it does . Maybe not .
This is why I prefer to lose money via options and not only stocks . There's more variables to blame failure on .
28.5 $ billion revenue is priced in . But if nvidia outperforms this expectation then it should go up
I just got off the freeway today . I ’ m sitting out this earnings . It ’ s the first one post-split and there are lots of new eager shareholders expecting to strike gold . Blackwell delay might bring an air pocket to earnings this time around causing lots of newbies to panic sell . If it pops , good for everyone who is still holding ! If it corrects I will be the first one back in .
Op I like where your brain is at and I have the same feeling . We don ’ t know the earnings report and people making it seem that way will lose money . Keep in mind the instrinsic value of NVDA is a range of 75-90 depending on your estimates . Depending on the report who knows if it this estimate will change . Don ’ t allow speculators to feed into your FOMO .
I am extremely worried about this as well , however we are dealing with a company that is powering the next productivity revolution , if you look at Apple ( arguably the iPhone was our last productivity revolution if you don ’ t count blackberry … but they lost the fight ) they are today up 25,000 % all time vs NVDA up “ only ” 16,000 % all time . All the major banks are continuously upping thier price targets and “ prices in ” value changes over time as it is based on NPV ( net present value ) not current or future value . As such even if it ’ s “ priced in ” as long as NVDA executes , the stock should go up as it is realizing the baked in future value that was previously discounted based on execution risk ( like potential for production delays ) .
🤦‍♀ ️
Are these just your feelings , or can you actually use factual evidence to back up your claims like > this dip reversal feels so unnatural , and I don ’ t feel like Jackson Hole speech was much of a logical reason to cause such a reversal and soaring back up . Because I can off the top of my head name like 4 logical and factual reasons for why they both made _plenty_ of sense . The market doesn ’ t give a shit about how you _feel_ .
OP , who is “ pricing ” it in ? How would this entity forecast all the socioeconomic variables to come to this price ? When someone tells me a stock is “ priced in ” not a single person can provide a clear response to the question which makes me think it is flawed thinking .
Lol another hit piece with bots up voting it . Where are your posts that Tesla is way overbought ? Hmmm no . That stock is fine but Nvidia you need to come here and say the earnings report is priced in . Lol 😂 😂 😂 you are the stock god saying what is fair value for a stock . Sure buddy I'll bite . How tf do you know what the earnings report will be . Wait for it . You don't . You have no clue . They could earnings beat and surprise the hell out of us . How is it priced in . You have no clue wtf you're saying . Disclose your short positions why don't you .
On August 7th NVDA had a $ 2.433 trillion market cap . Today it's at around $ 3.162 trillion . That's only a 729 billion increase in market cap in 2 weeks . That's a normal and healthy amount to grow . After earnings , expect the market cap to go up another 729 billion . The reason is nobody has heard of nvda yet and once they do they are going to buy the stock because of it's great growth potential
How do you determine an implied move of 10.42 % ?
How is this calculated ?
Exactly these idiots keep saying “ priced in ” like they know what it means
Well , story might repeat itself , until it doesn't . Certainly this is somewhat different from all other times , since the earnings pushing it over 140 and making it stay there would consolidate NVDA as most valuable company in the world . But I'm all in for that . And NVDA is no ordinary company , it is truly leading the new big revolution in technology market .
Yea an exponential mindset is needed while we are preconditioned for a linear one .
it can certainly hit $ 4T , but I think OP might be on the right track to question if its achievable by this earnings report . The AI trade is alive , but it doesnt have to hit that market cap this week . maybe by 2025 ?
I remember when eggs were 99 cents a dozen , now it's like 4-5 bucks a dozen . In a few years , 10 trillion may be the new equivalent of 3 trillion .
Market capitalization doesn't limit a stock's price from increasing . Market cap is simply the total value of outstanding shares , calculated by multiplying the current stock price by the total number of shares . If investors believe a company's fundamentals justify a higher price , they can continue to buy shares , which can drive the price up . This is because market forces , like supply and demand , ultimately determine stock prices . If investors continue to buy shares , the price can still rise , regardless of the market cap . You're not taking into account that the slow down with Apple is because the cell phone and tablet markets were reaching closer to saturation . Therefore , not as much growth . However , Ai has not hit saturation , and market cap is simply a calculation . The Ai market is still increasing . When it begins to saturate we will see a similar decline , but how many years until Ai meets saturation is another story . It takes a very long time to supply so much of the world with new supercomputers , and on average it's 2-5 years before they purchase hardware upgrades . We only have the beginnings of customers already purchasing new Nvidia GPUs to replace the old one . If you understand the semiconductor industry then you see how this is going to snowball . Everyone who is upgrading their systems will have to constantly upgrade to stay competitive . In our minds , the year or time frame we think these hardware purchases are going to slowdown , we're going to see a wave of growth from Nvidia that I don't think we've ever seen before .
lol
Same
I agree with your take on Tesla . I was very Happy yesterday playing tsdd from the open . Fortunately I closed last night and played the other side today
That's a solid line of thoughts . I'm mainly worried about it short term due to the amount I'm investing into NVIDIA having a time limit . In a couple of months I might have to start withdraw some of the money I invested , and I would like to recover some losses I had last month before I have to pull my money off of it . So I end up wondering how much it can go up and down after earnings . As I mentioned in other responses , I have no doubts NVDA will close this year higher than what it is now , and next year will be higher , and so on , but it cannot be a straight line up , it has to go up and down . Unfortunately , I cannot have my money invested for more than a few months if I cannot generate more money out of it to reinvest . In 2-3 months I will likely have to start taking portions of what I invested , which leaves me with smaller investing sample , and therefore , smaller potential for generating gains . I just want to stay on the game , and for that , I need to make a certain amount of money during these 2 months . That said , I might go extremely bullish on leverage EFTs for the earnings , because even though the loss potential is higher , I'm gonna have to opt out of the game soon if I can really achieve the gain goals I have to . Might sound like despair , but its actually me just accepting the chance of losing money in order to make money , and if I lose it , it's gonna be gained experience and I'll deal with that , but I just want to stay and truly understand the game , and be able to improve my financial life while learning .
As bullish as I am about Nvidia , I have to make a comment regarding Tesla . I welcome feedback . I am heavy tesla investor . I invested in the tech . FSD is actually pretty amazing , I use it almost everyday . Version 12.3 . 6 is not perfect . People are raving about 12.5 and I am excited to try it . The jump from version 11 to 12 was phenomenal though . As messed up and chaotic as Elon is , the engineers at Tesla are actually delivering amazing value . I am not a fan of Elon , he is batshit crazy and has gotten worse over the years . Tesla however is very far ahead of competitors , atleast definitely light years ahead of legacy automakers . The likes of nissan , bmw , mercedes , toyota have 0 clue and would need to rely on the likes of Tesla or Wayve to deliver intelligence .
Even if it meets that it might still drop
Is there a place to see the EPS when 28th of August hits ? ( Sorry , I'm newbie :(
I have taken a brief look at every ER from around 2021 up to this day , and the very rarely miss it , I have no doubts they will have very good results for this month's ER , but I just wonder if it will truly meet the market expectations .
What's the mean ? The 200 day mean ? 20 days ?
Same , I mean , it felt like EVERYTHING was pointing to another red day , all the way to at least 120 , which would be a very nice price for accumulating a bit more NVDS . So I held my negative leverage EFTs , and pretty much reversed them to exactly what I had before I bought them , reversing my gains . Would be much better off selling them yesterday , it was a perfect market timing , though it was not exactly my intention to time the market so tightly , I was just expecting a dip and not going over 130 , so I went bearish there . The only reason I didn't sell was because I ( wrongfully ) oversaw today as a natural continuation of the dip . But that's fine , gains and losses are part of the game and that's not my grip . What puts me off is the unhealthy bull run even before the earnings , leaving me wondering what's left for the earnings . I don't think this is no ordinary earnings , it's the first earning after NVIDIA had such an insane run to the top ( literally # 1 most valuable company ) and bringing insane ( and exaggerated ) attention to this stock , and the hype is already making people take astronomic reports for granted .
Thanks for the analysis , that widens my perspective on how market moves .
this - it ’ s the guidance that will make us moon
$ 155 I like I have sell orders there too
> nvidia is like some free money glitch in comparison . Just ride the wave . Even tho I have some skepticism , I think this might be right . Afterall , my grip is with the market being somewhat irrational and a bit too hyped , so I think we might ride this hype as well .
No doubts about that , I just cannot afford long term investments atm . If I could , I would be less worried about the following weeks / months .
[ removed ]
I sold all mine today . I'm gonna wait until the next dip now .
[ deleted ]
RemindMe ! 7 days
Yes , NVDA is truly something different at the moment we live in . That's why , even though my perception is as described in the post , I reckon it is likely not what is going to happen and that's why I'm still bullish on it .
Unfortunately , atm , I cannot invest for that much of a long term :(
I don't even follow them , actually , I don't even live in US so it's not like I even watch any of their TV channels . It is more of a personal feeling . Being relatively new to the stock market makes me feel that whenever something is too easily fed to you , it is a trap . So when the market is in such a ramp up from 92 to 130 with virtually no significant dips in between ( and any potential dip is countered with insane bullish flow ) , all that in only 2 weeks , it feels a bit like a bull trap . But I'm gonna follow the trend .
Today ( 23/08 ) , I would say $ 120-125 would be a fair and ideal price range for nice growth until we reach ER day .
In how long ?
2nd ... I might copy you lol
I feel the pre-orders for Blackwell wouldn't negatively impact this quarter . Your cost basis must be high in relation to your risk if you are willing to get back in if there is a correction . How would you know the " correction " is indeed a correction ?
I appreciate the Apple comparison . 👍 Truthfully nothing takes Apple even today — and it ’ s the leader 14 years later don ’ t bet against Apple .
Good points , let's hope it doesn't peak on 28th and starts going down for a month or two .
> The market doesn ’ t give a shit about how you * feel * . Never said it does . Never said those are actual facts , afterall , this post is just about a perception I have , not about scientific data backup . How can you even factually point something is overvalued , overbought or overhyped if those are subject to each individual ? You could point all numbers you want and it still comes down to how much each person values a brand . The same way you have your 4 reasons that make you think it makes sense , not everyone share the same perspective , and the market also doesn't give a shit about your reasons , just as it doesn't give about mine . And that is not the point of this post , to say something is factually overbought / overvalued . So I think your comment misses the point . So no , it's " just feeling " . Some people feel the same about this pre earnings rally being exacerbated or not so healthy , others don't . That's it .
Satire ? “ Only a $ 729 billion increase ” and “ nobody has heard of NVDA yet ” ?
My man , idk if I would call it healthy , specially with such a straight line upwards , It's too oversold and the market is not allowing room for breathing pre earnings . Can it get even more oversold ? ofc .
Option prices
Shorts trying not to get wrecked . It's hopium for timing the top .
NVDA has already been the top market cap before , so it wouldn't be anything new . https://www.cnbc.com/2024/06/18/nvidia-passes-microsoft-in-market-cap-is-most-valuable-public-company.html
Finally somebody gets it ty
What he described actually isn't exponential
I ’ m still buying eggs for . 99 , this is more an opportunity for company ’ s to make even more profits and blame inflation
And eggs will be $ 10 . And minimum wage will be $ 70k a year . Lol
Exactly . These clowns aren't talking about the turd price tesla is .
I think you missed my point . I agree with you .
Tesla is a Fomo machine . It's a joke it's that high . Complete lack of innovation the past 1.5 / 2 years . Just trying to ride other people's ideas now and sold out to China , when they shoulda went to India . SpaceX is doing pretty well though lol
Unfortunately , anyone telling you that any investment is a sure thing is lying to you , especially short term . Ive been in the game long enough to know anything could happen . China could invade Taiwan tomorrow and the markets would be fucked for quite a long time pending how things shake out . I don ’ t give financial advice but if you need to cash , maybe its best to just take it out the market now ( monday ) and then save up to jump back in later when you ’ re ready . Doesn ’ t make sense if you need the money in a couple months that you would double down on leverage 2-3 x etfs and risk losing more . Also stock climb over $ 129 today so unless you bought around $ 140 , you should have made most of your $ $ $ back from last month . Finally , leverage efts are terrible investments imo and are mainly for short term / daily investments . Again I know very little or really nothing but I ’ d rather throw money at call options ( or puts ) if I ’ m looking to maximize short term gains . I was gonna jump on some $ 125 calls yesterday at close as I knew the feds had to announce rate cuts based on all the data the past couple months . Yet sadly I didn ’ t as I get pretty conservative around news and earnings events … Either way , best of luck 🤞 next week , may we all hit the jackpot !
If you want a consistent revenue stream or have a short amount of time to create cash then stocks may not be the answer unless you know how to play calls . Short term treasury bonds of 5 % return in a savings might be the answer .
What is the biggest fundamental difference between TSLA and NVDA ? It's not the B2B nature of NVDA , or the eco impact of TSLA . It's Jensen vs Elon . Stability vs Chaos . Accomplishment vs bullshit . TSLA is a shit company and the stock is going to tank 300 % at some point in the near future . Because it's a shit company run by an even shittier CEO who is a ulta-shitty person .
Schwab puts it under the stock ticker on their site . I ’ m sure there will be more places to see it but since I trade on Schwab I just use their resources .
I sold half my stake today I was holding NVDL . I might also sit out . Or go all in on NVDL
You can somewhat see the market sentiment by looking at the volumn and open interest of OTM call options and ITM put options .
One or two words off script can change everything
Yup ... I'll wait and see what the earnings look like , but I think I'm going to settle there . If earnings are at 31 without a major change to margins and the news on Blackwell is positive ( which ... some reports are saying it may be better , maybe not a full 3 - month delay , the former Google CEO seemed VERY bullish on NVDA recently ) that may even be conservative . The shares I plan on selling are shares I just picked after the whole Carry Trade tanked the market and I need the money next month , so I won't squeeze every late penny out of it ... plus , I'm not a trader . So if I can make a quick 15K , that'll cover my late fees and interest for filing late this year and I'll be very happy . Just the things I've heard from Eric Schmidt , Dan Ives and ... everyone else , I don't know what they're going to do , but I don't believe THESE " earnings are priced in . "
Ride it until November - January . Election season weirds me out right now , I want out of a few things for political reasons . I want to be liquid l
yes earnings season is part of its natural growth the run from 90 back to right now was not it's like some interruption and after earnings we can continue and stock price continue to rise as expected
Uhhh … . if you can ’ t afford a long term investment then you should head on over to wallstreetbets with the other gamblers lol .
It's up 5 % this month ...
Been holding and building for 8 years now . You ’ ll have to try harder than that .
I will be messaging you in 7 days on [ * * 2024-09- 01 10:16 : 30 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-09-01%2010:16:30%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ezn7jr/im_bullish_on_nvda_but_i_got_some_feeling_that/lju5eoq/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ezn7jr%2Fim_bullish_on_nvda_but_i_got_some_feeling_that%2Flju5eoq%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-09-01%2010%3A16%3A30%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ezn7jr ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Thanks for responding . How do you arrive at that ?
next week on earnings
Yeah , this reply is exactly my point . People like you who don ’ t bring anything but your feelings about a stock aren ’ t contributing anything , and it ’ s annoying to see so many of you join this sub after Nvidia ’ s recent success . Where were you 2 years ago ? MIA . “ I just don ’ t <feel> like the stock can go much higher ” is one of the most useless comments you could make . Bring some actual content to discuss next time .
Oh so that's satire but a price target of $ 200 for this year isn't ?
Can you give an example ?
Yea , and the moment it hit 135 it bounced back and fell back down . I believe in earnings , but the last time it was the most valuable company we had a massive sell of
Yes I know , it was , for a brief moment . My point is that holding above 140 would keep it as most valuable company in the world . That leads me to consider if that's an overvaluation or not .
Yep
Isn't a living wage in New York already 120k ?
Yes , I did . I'm sorry about that .
SpaceX is still a private company … Doesn ’ t matter , Im jumping on the ASTS and RKLB rocket ships ! Im going big on RKLB post NVDA earnings .
TSLA is a meme stock for the MAGA crowd . How the fuck it's considered in the " Mag 7 " is beyond me .
Tesla isn ’ t a car company . They ’ re a data collection machine run by a maniac .
Thank you , but just to clarify : If i go for leverage EFTs , then I would set some stop loss to not lose an amount I cant afford losing . I don't need 100 % of what is invested in a couple months , but I would have to start withdrawing parts of it each month . With the amount I have currently , to bring it back to what I had before my dumb move that lead to some loss , it would require me to go up about 30 % . After that , if I profit an average of 10 % every month , I can maintain myself and keep investing . I'm not getting deep into personal life aspects , but to clarify my situation even further just so it makes sense : I had a problem in my previous apartment > had to move > too far from job , which costed me too much time in transportation ( avg 3h a day + 8: 30h of work ) > because of that I didn't have enough time for studies ( I'm still 22 ) , among other things I have to do > made the decision to quit job . It was not worth the amount of money I got for the time spent and stress . I didn't spend my spare money a lot when I was working , so I have saved some money which is enough to go for a few months without finding another job closer to me , and I'm using the rest of the money ( bigger portion ) to try to learn better about investing and possibly make at least enough to maintain the basics . TL ;D R : If I can't properly generate some profits in the next months , I'll have to leave investing for a while and go back to some standard job again which leaves me with less time to study .
Do you ever buy NVDX ? I heard NVDL has better liquidity and also higher fees . Is there anything else in their comparison I ’ m missing ?
Hahahahahaha this is gold .
Yes .
One cannot learn to invest / trade if they're not aiming for results many months / years away ?
[ removed ]
Overall , just my limited perception of other investors in which I trust to have a good critical thinking , their sentiment and a bit of technical analysis . Not really the most profound point of view .
I believe you are literate enough to read the last line of the post . There you can find the purpose of this post . You don't like to see other peoples perspective ? Well , you can cry about it bb . Your comment adds less to the thread than my post .
😂 you are 100 % right .
Please prove us wrong ! Put all your savings and make a post of it 👍
just go read up on black scholes formula for pricing options
It hit 140
Forecast will be important , Blackwell demand , to blow past 130-140 range .
Minimum wage
I don't know what your concept of big is , but I'm in big right for myself in a small / mid cap stop already . Love that shit . I really think they have some legs . Excited to see some volatility launch week .
Funny how most of the judgemental childish post I see comes mainly from liberals that preach it's the right acting that way .
Lol , fair analysis .
Is that the fee that I see being taken on my sell order ? 🙀 I was like huh an interesting amount Example sell 1 @ $ 5 = $ 4.965
I mean , I make most of my money selling options , and NVDA is outside my knowledge sphere , so I tread carefully . I guess my heart isn't in it 24/7 it's growing on me .
Do you know what investing means ? Serious question
And yet , only like 5 % from late July
My comment adds far more than your post , considering your post added literally nothing to everyone ’ s knowledge base . However , I didn ’ t need to add much else thankfully , as some of the people already replied to correct you by discussing factual things like the companies fundamentals , growth , sector performance , and historic shifts in the industry . In addition to solid examples of how to actually determine whether or not a company has room to grow .
Yes , I shouldn't have been using the eod number . But 140 is actually where it becomes the most valuable company not 135 . Betting above 140 means you think it will stay the most valuable company in the world in the short term
10 % of my portfolio , anything over 5 % is big for me as Ive consolidated a lot over the last 6 months with NVDA being at 25 % and another 10 % in TSM . 5 % in AVGO , just bought some ARM shares , and APPL eats up a lot of my capital . So Im running out of money for other investments … 🤣
WTF are you talking about ?
Yes , my guy , I know .
> My comment adds far more than your post If you think so , ok . That's your * feeling * , backed up by nothing other than your perception and ego , and I wont argue against that .
Thanks for breaking it down to % . That is damn close to where I was except for the Apple . Always miss my entry on it . I went a little crazy and my ASTS is about 12.5- 15 % of my portfolio , RKLB like 7.5 % . boom or bust .
Well if you understood it then you ’ d also know that short term trading + not being able to afford any longer term financial commitments + not being a qualified stock expert by any means = 100 % gambling , as my original comment to you stated .
No , _factually_ I reminded you that nobody in the financial world on the Internet gives a shit about your opinion if it ’ s based only in feelings . We care about actual information . You quite literally made a blog-esque post in a stock ’ s subreddit about your feelings in the most recent movements and clearly didn ’ t understand anything about the most recent speech Powell had based on your response . You provided literally nothing . I did . Something > Nothing , despite what you were taught
🚀 🚀 GL my friend ! 🖖
I think I might've overestimated your literacy . The post is meant to be a space for discussion , for LEARNING through people sharing points of view , not to bring the truth to the world . You can keep yapping in the comments and thinking you're adding something to the thread tho , I won't be wasting any more of my time .
When I look at NVDA price and consider what I should do , it ’ s lower than the 50 DMA and higher than the 200 DMA . Probably buy more at the low 100 price range prior to the ER on 8/ 28 as I trust in the AI revolution , NVDA ’ s leadership and Jensen Huang .
NVDA is not recession-proof it ’ ll go up with this month ’ s earrings maybe even hold by if they actually cut rates in September . But the last two weeks shows no stock is safe when everyone is panic selling .
Google and Amazon struggled for close to 14 months in 2022 through late 2023 . Nothing can continue go up without going down or being re-organized .
If investors can reliably predict this , why isn ’ t everyone wealthy ?
I ’ m just trying to get to 50 maybe 100 shares and then hold . The more it drops the more I buy . 10 year and beyond outlook it ’ s fine .
Hold on for the ride . It ’ s not going to be overnight . It may struggle the rest of 2024 .
These numbers are arbitrary ; literally from thin air . You can put all the predictions on a scatter plot and it will looks like a jumble of numbers with no discernible trend . When it does well , bloggers ( wannabe analysts ) will feed the rumor mill and say it ’ s value will double by 2025 . When it ’ s doing poorly , the same people will say that it ’ s a bubble and will burst with 50 % loss . There is no method to the madness . Fundamentals are the only way to truly value a company , but even objective figures can ’ t convince the market to act one way or another . The company is profitable and is dominating the market - that ’ s enough to say it ’ s a solid long term investment . But this idea that it ’ s going to have record breaking gains anytime soon is speculation - meaningless speculation . It ’ s sensitive to the geopolitical balance between US / China , it ’ s facing an anti-trust probe , ect . All these things are delicate and factor into its performance . If you want to hear my “ meaningless ” speculation is that NVIDIA maybe grows 2-4 % this quarter with wild volatility . Maybe another 10ish percent for the year . It ’ s a long term thing .
Trying to create high volume for the high volume dumperoo
Ah yes , I remember reading an article on their about NIO during its downtrend and that it'd be a 90 % probability of being 100 by the end of year . NIO is now under $ 5 . The point is that these articles are made for clicks . If you want to guess the direction of a company then look at the Financials and how fast it is growing . Then question , is it sustainable or is this just a boom before it settles down ? Another helpful tip is buy when everyone thinks the downtrend is going to continue and the sentiment is " best sell now and buy it cheaper later " and sell when you see everyone and their grandparents buying
Going to 600 while the market completely melts down
It's got to go down before or goes up . Probably go up for xmas holidays for sure .
It ’ s over . The AI hype has come and gone . TSM , SMCI , AMD , and now NVDA , even the insiders don ’ t love the stock at only 4 % ownership . But I know it ’ s going to the moon and it ’ ll go up by 10,000 % and I ’ m wrong . At least that ’ s what everybody on this forum thinks
NVDA strong 😏 😮‍💨
Poor job data , surging doubt over AI , Intel not seeing an AI boost , AMD coming into competition . I wish I'd listened to my own advice and didn't buy back in during this dip . I have to face cutting losses and getting out before the market brings itself down with negative sentiment . I am even unsure if earnings beating expectations will help . A business that has bet on AI driving growth in an overly optimistic tech sector is a bad business regardless of the hype sales . If the hype has gone Nvidia is back to ~ $ 60 next year , IMO .
Buy amd . Best time to buy now
I too trust that AI is revolutionary . I bought about 4 years ago which makes my trade price $ 4.87 now . People have been telling me to sell since it doubled the first time . It is now up over 2,000 % . I only invested what I could afford to lose . So if it drops to $ 10 it ’ s been a fun ride . I still believe in AI . Nvidia got a government contract a while back . Aunt nanc approves as well . I ’ m in it for the long haul . Or At least another 3-5 years and then will reevaluate
this this this
You ’ re going wild places
I traded some stocks long and made it out just fine . You ’ re overlooking some names
That is a dumb take . Stocks sell off all the time and then recover and make new highs . The sell off could be because or a looming recession ... or it could just be reversion to the mean .
That ’ s my plan . Sell everything after earnings cuz I think we ’ re gonna experience what AMD experienced .
I don ’ t think anything is going up with rate cuts . I think that alone will mean we ’ re in recession talks . All this talk of soft landing was bullshit from the beginning and anyone with a brain could see this eventually happening .
I believe NVDA will do better than the rest this year and finish + 150 % this year
In terms of sales and what not , I think TSLA went out better in 2022 than the other big tech companies . Google and Amazon have struggled for years .
The rest of 2024 ? Nah it won ’ t
The hype is obviously still there
My cat is stronger
Earnings in 24 days . We play the waiting game .
Also , Intel not seeing any AI boost was expected . It surprises me that Intel are in business still .
The hype of AI is definitely real . The arrival of non-human intelligence on earth is a big f . deal . However , enterprises today are struggling to implement it beyond the AI chat bot use cases . This is what is creating the negative sentiment . AI requires new ways of running a business that traditional companies haven ’ t figured out yet . Shit going to get real when the first single employee company gets to 1B in revenue in a year . How fast that will happen ? No idea , till then , It ’ s going to bumpy .
Agreed .
Nah
Have you booked any profit ? What do you tell yourself when temptation is high ?
If everyone is selling after earnings , it will go down way before . Market anticipates what everyone is doing .
Because nobody has ever regretted selling NVDA ... 😂
You don't have any money , huh ?
[ deleted ]
You don ’ t think it will struggle as the entire entire market struggles the rest of 2024 please explain
100 % this
AI Development needs time which wall street cucks never understand
AI isn ’ t “ non-human intelligence . ” It ’ s not even intelligence . Not even close . In fact , it ’ s pretty shitty at a lot of things . You have trouble checks all of its work . This is the difference between hype and reality .
No I have not taken any profit . When the stock is up I tell myself yeah ! And when the stock is down I just say wtf ? I don ’ t allow myself to buy more no matter how tempting as I have well over 1000 shares as it is . Deep down I ’ m a boglehead but I enjoy the show . 😂
I think another point to mention is the Fed Reserve hitting of dropping the basis points .
I haven ’ t so far . In just two weeks I saved 19 % by selling and waiting for it to drop
What do you mean ?
I know , but having faith is good
Why do you think the market is going to struggle ? The recession fears are overblown imo . And even we are in a recession or head into one , the Fed has a lot of cutting at their disposal to increasing spending . The fear is that Powell is acting too late . But even if he is , how bad could it be ?
If it does , it ’ ll be finished . Ain ’ t nobody gonna want their money in a stock that isn ’ t gonna move an inch for 4 months , 6 months including the last two
Don't want to get in philosophical debate about what intelligence is , but for simplicity , a system that can build things simply out of someone's INTENT , that is what I am calling intelligence . You can argue that the output is still not good , however , I dont need to tell you progress is extraordinary fast .
Precisely this . The reason we are in hype is people saw a very interesting phenomenon that simulates intelligence incredibly effective way , but it's now settling down and we are realizing it really isn't anything more than a language model . I don't mean to downplay how substantial language models are , but they are not changing the world in the way true AI would . There is no chance that language models will become AGI . The architecture just isn't compatible . Thinking an LLM is intelligent is like a cat mistaking a mechanical toy for a real animal .
god i wish i had your discipline instead of a - 10k portfolio lol ..
[ deleted ]
I think we ’ re running on smoke and mirrors and I ’ m not sure that the fed even making cuts will help . I think we have to see how the election turns out before the market turns in either direction . Other than down .
It's all the stocks though . No matter where you put it , they seem to be going down . If that trend continues it doesn't matter where your money is . It won't kill businesses .
This type of mentality further confirms that NVDA is overvalued , fyi .
DM me when you find that one stock that's perpetually green .
I ’ ve been investing for 48 years . It won ’ t go up much more this year . If it all it may even pull back .
I agree that generative systems which can map from a description of a desired output to said output are incredibly powerful . How valuable is , however , there ’ s a certain cost - some number of trillions - where it is no longer as useful or desirable . What we still don ’ t know is id the desired effects of the hype curve can be achieved within a cost that makes it useful . It may , and some optimizations may shift the calculus , but it also may not . It remains to be seen .
The Language Model is a foundational layer on which all things are going to be built upon . Dont expect much more from it , other than improving reason ability . What LLMs enable , that's what comes next .
It will come back . Let it be a “ paper ” loss not a realized loss . Hold your plan ! Best of luck !
Whatever you say . I have faith
What " smoke and mirrors " are you referring to ? Be specific .
My point is , if it continues like this for the rest of the year , we will see another financial crisis . You do not want to see that .
Perfectly fine if you believe that , I don ’ t
Bruh just cuz I state what I think , doesn ’ t mean I am deluded
It already pulled back , wdym lol . The whole market's struggling right now because nvda is the primary mega cap market driver .
“ Won ’ t go up much more this year ” qualify that . You mean from ATH ?
Sir , I respect you , but I ’ m gonna have to disagree here . I trust this company with all my money , and I believe it will reach newer highs before this year ends .
What comes next could be decades , or much further away . This is why the hype is a problem * * * today * * * . There is no reason to expect we are close to the expectations of what people here are gambling on Nvidia delivering in order to justify their price . Nvidia is now facing chip delays . I expect Monday is going to be a very depressing day .
oh no that's already been realized .. i was really stupid and careless with CFDs a couple months back so i lost ~ 80 % of my savings to it and i've been trying to make it back ever since but obviously way easier said than done .. i'm trying to just move on but it's so hard on me mentally , did you ever have any big realized losses ? and how did you deal with them ? thank you !
The entire market is about ready to collapse because of the overwhelming debt service that the United States government has to deal with because of billback better by Joe Biden . It ’ s going to crush us all because eventually we have to pay for the spending .
WTF are you on about ? You realize the vast majority of successful billionaires are buy and hold . Not sell and try to time the market type investors .
Uh , no ? Markets follow cycles . Everybody piled into the crowded trade of NVDA and it worked for awhile , but that game is over . Path of least resistance is down , perhaps some sideways action in the 90-100 range but you ’ ll see sub 70 NVDA before end of next year .
NVDA has had several stretches of 90 + day sideways movement . The last one was February to May of THIS YEAR . That was during broad market increases . It ’ s just the nature of this stock . I bought a ton of NVDA @ $ 125 , just waiting to see what happens but already prepped for the worst case scenario this year and into 2025 .
What financial crisis ? A recession is not really a " financial crisis . " That's alarmist .
We don ’ t have any control about whether if financial crisis would happen or not that ’ s in the hands of the big private equity and investment banking types .
Must be why the Dow and Russell are also struggling , right ?
My guesstimate is at it will have a tough time getting back to the all-time high this year . That ’ s not a disappointment . It ’ s just a fact .
I would agree with you if instead of decades , you ’ d said the next 5 years . Just look advancements in robotics in the past 2 years . But good discussion , nonetheless .
No I have not had any realized losses at all but I did get into weed stock which is real crap . However I did not put in more money than I could afford to lose . Sounds like you have learned a hard lesson . It ’ s very difficult ignoring those FOMO feelings which is why having a financial plan helps a ton . Accumulating wealth takes way more time than losing money . But you will get there . Play it “ safe ” and accumulate something like VTI / VXUS to give you “ diversity ” in your investments . Remember the mantra “ time in the market beats timing the market ” . That dopamine hit to your brain buying single stocks won ’ t pay your bills in most cases . Not saying the dopamine hit doesn ’ t feel good , we bought NVDA and it ’ s been a blast . But we look at it as it is the only lottery we will ever win and we could still lose it all but it was money we could afford to lose . Best of luck to you ! I
That would entirely depend on what we are spending that money on . Building infrastructure ( * * build * * back better ) actually has a great ROI in terms of expanding the economy . I don't think you really know what you're talking about , tbh . Could you be more specific about how this debt is suddenly going to crush us and what will happen to the global economy ? You know what would boost the economy a ton ? Fixing our immigration system and importing a bunch of people .
thank you very much , you've been so kind and helpful , best of luck to you too ! !
This country is choking in debt after the build back better program . No more spending on clean energy . It ’ s definitely a big flush down the toilet . Kamala Harris as VP cast the deciding vote for the $ 1.9 trillion American Rescue Plan in the Senate in March 2021 . Even prominent economists associated with liberal politics and the Democratic Party like Larry Summers and Olivier Blanchard had warned that the American Rescue Plan could cause significant inflation . Summers called it the “ least responsible ” economic policy in 40 years , arguing that it would push demand beyond the capacity of the economy and lead to sustained inflation . Similarly , Blanchard expressed concerns that the scale of the spending would create significant inflationary pressures , potentially harming economic stability in the long run . Those warnings proved prescient . Shortly after Harris cast her vote securing passage in the Senate of one of the largest increases in deficit spending in a generation , long-dormant inflation arose across the U . S . economy and pushed inflation to levels not seen in decades . By the following summer , inflation peaked at nine percent , the fastest pace of price increases since 1981 . This is what caused Moody ’ s to drop US bond ratings , downward from AAA to AA for the first time in history , effecting every American in negative costly ways in everything from higher mortgage rates , Car loans , credit card rates , and stoking even more consumer goods price inflation .
> This country is choking in debt after the build back better program . What the fuck are you talking about ? How does that add more to our debt more than anything else in the budget ? > No more spending on clean energy . ? ? ? > Larry Summers LOL ! Larry Summers criticizing Dems ? Wow ! Shocker ! > long-dormant inflation Again , lol wut ? How can inflation be " long-dormant " ? > This is what caused Moody ’ s to drop US bond ratings , downward from AAA to AA for the first time in history , effecting every American in negative costly ways in everything from higher mortgage rates , Car loans , credit card rates , and stoking even more consumer goods price inflation . You're blaming this on Dems and not Republicans , who are actually the ones who cut taxes , fight wars and run up the debt ? Get a fucking clue , mate . Investment in this country is a good thing and reduces inflation . Wars and tax cuts are what drive up the debt .
I ’ ve no choice but to double down and buy more
Sorry guys . I added 100 shares today . This is all my fault .
It ’ s simple . Don ’ t touch options with a 10 ft pole . Just buy the stock and wait .
I got $ 110 strike , contracts for the 23rd of August , I reckon they will still be alright .
[ deleted ]
Are my calls still good .
This is such BS . What a stupid chart . Every time it breaks there's a hit piece news article or more restrictions for int'l sales .
It ’ s a classic .
110 8/ 30 calls , finger crossed
I lived during the 2000 ’ s tech burst . Becareful my friends , can you say Cisco ?
Why don ’ t y ’ all hedge with puts until the market ’ s settled
Crumbles
Quadra down bro - Famous Last Words
I have 8/ 30 I would be looking to roll to 8/ 30 if they ’ re cheap enough at least assuming an earnings beat
When will it end
If they are for Friday , probably not . What's your expiration ?
Because once I buy puts the market recovers
So true
please buy 1 put so it goes up
bought more calls
Do these analysts provide any reasoning for their recommendations ?
I feel like a battered wife
Tomorrow they ’ ll say sell
[ deleted ]
What does this mean for me ?
What ’ s the source of this list
You guys realize analyst recommendations mean nothing right ? They can actually be the opposite of bullish for this exact reason . Look at net inflow / outflows of smart money . Insiders and institutions have been absolutely DUMPING on retail .
Let ’ s go 🚀
Explain this post . Please .
TO THE MOON NVDA HITTING $ 900 in a week
now if i would ’ ve inversed analysts and opened a short position today , that would ’ ve been good
It ’ ll go back down to Neutral soon just wait
Reasoning is simple , “ analysts ” are self serving . They bought a boat load maybe at 100 or so and now they want to pump it up to 130-140 maybe and dump it . Hence the random positive recommendations . Same but converse logic goes for a negative recommendation . Most analysts are not there to make money for you or other retail investors . Just be smart , take recommendations good or bad , with a grain of salt so to speak .
Nah just vibes
Wow , I was about to post the same link :)
Buy the stock - after your own research ofc
The screenshot is from Yahoo finance . You can read about this decision over here -> https://www.investing.com/news/stock-market-news/nvidia-upgraded-to-buy-at-new-street-research-blackwell-delay-impact-seen-as-limited-432SI-3557061
Analysts are saying to buy the stock instead of staying neutral , which is not buying or selling , if you have shares
it was neutral when it was 120 , so 100 is a buy it's only logical
The analyst ’ s reasoning is probably that on July 5 the stock price was around $ 126 and on August 6 it closed around $ 104 . You say they aren ’ t there to make money for you , yet if you sold when they downgraded the stock and bought it when they upgraded it , you ’ d have avoided the wash sale rule and been able to claim likely capital losses on your tax return if you had any , not to mention you ’ d have earned yourself a nice little $ 22 per share discount and repurchased about 17 % more shares of your favorite company lmfao .
at $ 100 it's an amazing price . it's volatile but imo it should be priced at $ 125 - $ 130 by end of month
Thanks
What if it goes down to 80 ?
If I ’ d only played the right six numbers in the last piwerball I ’ d be rich too !
Down more then up more , maybe sprinkled with some sideways .
I agree fully if not more but we keep saying it will go up , but all the pressure has been down
[ deleted ]
Then that ’ s massively oversold - it ’ s oversold at 100 honestly
At $ 80 is a cupcake 🧁 with chocolate 🍫 🙌 🙌 🙌 🚀 🚀 🚀 💪 💪 💪
Stupid comment , we ’ re discussing whether the analysts decisions were good or not . I think it ’ s safe to assume that we followed their advice in our hypothetical situation
Wow that ’ s crazy .. definitely take some profits off the table don ’ t risk losing it all
[ deleted ]
That ’ s nuts . Imagine losing all those gains . Take some off the table for sure .
[ deleted ]
Congrats on locking those gains ! I personally don't own NVDA stock ( sold at $ 121 and ran with my gains ) and recently sold half of my MSFT position to lock in over $ 40k of gains over the years . Still got $ 40k gains I am rolling with ... but decided to put most of my $ into ETFs and more balanced investments . Individual stocks and I don't match well lol . Good luck to you !
Their earnings last week was greater than expected .
If you guys have been watching over at r / AMD_stock you ’ d know this is the only Green Day we ’ ve had in like the past 20 lol . Please let us keep it 😌 🎃
Yeah they had earnings and NVIDIA not yet . People probably wait for outlook regarding the delay rumors and confusion
I noticed it just now as well ! Our poor baby is suffering for no reason
AMD and once an NVDA investor here . Dunno what else to say other than I wish us both luck and fortune
after being down 35 % in the past month ...
Don't worry it will tank again
It's because I just sold all my AMD at a loss for NVDA guys .
yay
* stock * is * up / down * in the * daily * trading graph . this is as significant as taking a piss in the ocean and hoping to turn climate change around
Yeah what ’ s up with that
The whole tech market takes a dive , but AMD is up ... K ...
It was also significantly less up on the earnings day .
Note AMD is down over 1 % a day later , when most of the rest of the market is green . | | | | | [ AMD ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/quote/AMD?p=AMD ) | 133.02 | -1.80 |
Quick ! Everyone jump on to AMD !
AMD is a far behind second Fiddle to NVDA
SELL ALL YOUR NVIDIA , QUICK BUY AMD / s oof , tough crowd
lol its like 2-3 weeks delay who tf cares .
Up 576 % in the last 3 years . This is nothing .
Amd crashes on its own without any news and becomes green in days like this
😅
Aaaand it's red now 😂
You sell right at the bottom ?
People who are weighing their investment choices .
Sell at bottom , buy a similar stock at bottom as well . Tax loss harvesting .
It ’ s the Illuminati testing your stop loss
Happens all the time , and it's not limited to NVDA .
I saw $ 82 or something scrolling by on the CNBC ticker a few minutes ago . I don ’ t move very fast these days , but I had my laptop open in about a millisecond …
The guy that is still asking if he should sell his shares at $ 93 just sold em at that price .
Puts and calls adjustments
Close your app and go touch grass .
Thanks for scaring the crap out of me 🤣
As the other commentor said , it does happen frequently These are coming from FINY market - FINRA / NYSE TRADE REPORTING FACILITY - which is a way to report off exchange trades within ten seconds of trade occurrence - [ https://www.finra.org/filing-reporting/market-transparency-reporting/trade-reporting-faq#101 ] ( https://www.finra.org/filing-reporting/market-transparency-reporting/trade-reporting-faq#101 ) - this is a type of dark pool . I don't know much beyond that . But I could speculate that these trades are employee options exercising occurring before a lock-up period prior to the earnings release . That's pure speculation
if I had my stoploss at 90 am I screwd ?
Must be a Robinhood account . They seem to have crazy swings
Dark pool trades are reflected on the universal ticker . It ’ s not a public trade and it doesn ’ t matter .
Eh , it should still be understood . I have that , too . With skin in the game the fucking enormous dip should at least be clarified . I doubt it's aliens . Definitely doesn't affect my day , but wtf .
Yeah Blackwell got delayed until 2027 , then jk , then no seriously , then maybe , then lol fuck you paper handed wimps . See you tomorrow or in hell or after earnings or all of the above
They are glitches , stop getting price action on google / shit brokers
I saw it - 55 % and around 55 $ ( -67.61 $ ) . I have a screenshot . This is a bug in google and saw it dozens of time with tesla , msft and intc .
I think it ’ s bid / asking prices will
Ignore after hours these days .
That's from each of the times I keep looking at the chart . Sorry .
Showing down ~ . 95 cents for 30 seconds , then a blip of down 30-40 dollars ...
Probably institutional TP .
Snagged a screenshot at $ 95 something
Tge stonk is worth well over 160
yeah , I noticed this problem
I saw $ 85.xx , $ 94 , $ 108 , etc . Then I put in a limit order of 100 shares at $ 100 , hoping it gets filled :) . It didn't ...
Matrix glitch .
Illuminaughty
FUD
I wish
Like a Penis . Not the very first time . Like a pee e ee nis Madonna
I hope it it dips to $ 85 ! I ’ ll buy buy buy ! !
CNBC watchlist is your friend . Not trashy apps
Something had a glitch the other day where it looked like it lost contact with nvdl . causing Nvidia to dip down super fast for a minute and also caused my stop loss to trigger and ended up costing like 2K .
Wow
Smart money creates liquidity by triggering stop losses .
I saw the same on Fidelity
Stop using Robinhood . It glitches like this .
I'm so happy my trade executed at that dip 😁 I'm already up 4x ! ! !
You missed it ! I bought so many at 98
Will lower limit buys be able to capture the price change ?
Stopliminati ?
Dump it
I don't think any brokerage executes GTC orders in extended hours .
what if you put in an extended hours order ? would it execute at that glichy price ?
Noted , thanks !
I think this might actually be the right answer , basically .
If it ’ s the dude that needed to pay bills , I kinda feel for him .
🤣
this .
if you have an after hours stop loss set , but it would only trigger if it opens tomorrow below 90 .
I abandoned RH after the GME fiasco . This is SoFi trading , but Im sure it's nothing . I'd just like to know 100 % why this happens .
SoFi has been pretty good for the 2 years ive been using it .
It reached 55 $ ( - 55 % ) lol
I stopped that years ago . This is SoFi .
🧢
Couldn't tell you . That's the kind of info you want to get directly from your broker .
should be tried , make a quick buck
I've never been able to have a trade to go through in extended hours . My broker allows it , only for a couple hours AM / PM . I'm pretty sure the majority of after hours trades are large firms moving assets to other large firms in a private trade sort of deal .
I actually tried this week , but it didn ’ t bounce back to that level . I noticed the same thing . Looked like a glitch . Happened with several of my stocks .
It happens a fuck ton . Try not to panic . It's a glitch 99.9999 % of the time
is .
so you're telling me someone lucky managed to fill his long order at 85 while someone closed on a loss there ? ( assuming both were in the after market )
You had RH gold ? Or basic ?
They all are until they aren ’ t
Or just option execution .
Sparta ! !
no
I hate your profile picture 😭
Just FYI option execution doesn ’ t flow through exchanges as a trade .
ok
Why ’ d you hate a plain white picture ?
It's a glitch . You can't get filled when it happens . This question is asked a lot .
Maybe because it's not in dark mode
It ’ s because of me , all happened when I bought
Think about it who would benefit from cheap prices ? It's the hedge funds they wanna get in cheap ! Then when the interest rates get cut . THIS SHIT IS GONNA FLY !
It ’ s just Nvidia-powered AI generating random articles . Just ignore .
Reeks of conspiracy theory , too .
Is this thing gonna replace intel in the dow ?
honestly thinking of going all in on my retirement accounts on monday in nvda thanks to this pullback … I feel it ’ s inevitable it will double in value from current pricing eventually faster than index funds given how far ahead their tech is than competitors
I think it ’ s a viral marketing campaign for the new Hitman game
You ’ re surprised one of the hottest companies of the decade / year has … .. more people interested in writing stories ?
I remember when there was news articles of Warren Buffet selling some AAPL shares right after earnings were announced . The stock dropped a bit to the 180s then proceeded to go to 220 . The negative news around NVDA makes me believe it will go that much higher .
I said it just two days ago in a comment , that the “ competition ” will do whatever they can to play down Nvidia even not by producing competing chips ..
Just remember that Nancy bought more 👌🏻 😎 👌🏻
Same for me I purchased for 130 $ and it went down almost very next day someones fooling everyone else through Reddit and other media it's fake news at the best ! Especially it's beginning to feel like a massive scam when you look at it closely and start to realize they ain't got any different technology than everyone else making computer chips and there is the Moore's law it's fundamental limit to how many chips you can squeeze into a board . Anyways I'm into a big gaping hole of pot of money ! ! !
I think it ’ s hedgies
Hit pieces ? Try investing in Tesla . 95 % of the news since 2018 are hit pieces .
I ’ ve been sitting the past couple days with an order or 30 @ 100 - hoping it would fall so my overall price average can go down . Now I ’ m going to keep waiting …
Are any of the " hit pieces " reporting information that has no basis in either fact or simple math ?
Did you read the article about the Blackwell chips getting delayed ? https://www.investors.com/news/technology/nvidia-delays-blackwell-ai-chip/
Same . Watched nvidia go on a tear for almost 5 months and I finally said screw it ... I'm not waiting any longer . Purchased at 133 and the next day was the beginning of all this shit
you dont have to take all the blame , i bought the top
Same ! It all started after I purchased the shares 😞
real !
https://tenor.com/vVbUjOdnGtq.gif
Fly down cuz recession .
Aaaa ... is this random AI generated ? :-/ https://www.investors.com/news/technology/nvidia-delays-blackwell-ai-chip/
Why ? Do you work for the CIA ? Because that has been the standard response for everything the government has tried to cover up since the 40 ' s . Did I strike a nerve ? Come ang get me . I wish ya would . I'm not saying the government is doing anything . But I also know when things look " out of place " . The constant flow for this duration is becoming odd , and out of place . That's the hallmark of hit pieces .
Well Intel is basically already gone as they did it to themselves . But yeah , I think you might be on to something . Because when a fund manager is quoted in an article attacking NVDA as saying " If they post bad earnings the stock could tank " ( paraphrasing ) , something is up . That might be it . Maybe it's just the New Yorker in me having been born and raised there , but the stench of BS is pegging the meter now .
Oh believe me I know . Every time I see him on TV I say in my best Fred G . Sandford voice " Shut up , dummy " lol
Tesla is a cult
Yes . " The letter concluded that AI , so far , is essentially software that has not provided “ value commensurate with the hype . ” The current bubble could burst if Nvidia reported poor financial results and thereby “ breaks the spell . ” First off Nvidia is selling hardware FOR demanding applications like A . I . , not the code itself . Anyone that knows anything about coding knows it's not something that is typically thrown out in the short term . Developers will work the issues until it's unworkable . That could take years , and you can't really run that code on a Thinkpad . Second , bad earnings bringing a stock down is about as old a concept as the wheel . Why even say it ? Because that's what hit pieces are made of . Articulating negatives even when they're obvious , or already well understood . It helps paint the desired picture . [ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hedge-fund-elliott-says-ai-132813734.html ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hedge-fund-elliott-says-ai-132813734.html ) It's not the only example . This is just the last one I read .
Absolutely , and it's just a rumor . More evidence of a slander campaign becoming a lot more obvious . At least Tom's titled it correctly . If you ask me a class action should be filed against the publishers pushing this crap , on behalf of investors . [ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-blackwell-gpus-allegedly-delayed-164659612.html ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/nvidia-blackwell-gpus-allegedly-delayed-164659612.html ) Nvidia has made no such announcement [ https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/ ] ( https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/ ) It's a rumor that was started by a Microsoft employee : [ See here ... ] ( https://www.investors.com/news/technology/nvidia-delays-blackwell-ai-chip/#:~:text=Nvidia%20(NVDA)%20reportedly%20is%20delaying,take%20place%20until%20early%202025 )
Rip same crap happened to me
Recession is great . Can ’ t afford workers . Get AI .
Yup . It has finally arrived . It just took forever because the economy is gigantic like steering titanic , it takes time .
The good news surrounding NVDA far outweighs any bad news real or imagined . You just feel the bad news more because of cognitive dissonance .
Yes NVDA will replace intel in Dow Jones if they beat next earnings and provide strong guidence
Apple is a cult … So , your point being ? 🤷‍♂ ️
Semianalysis isn't really known for wild speculation or rumor spreading , but they do dabble if they have reasons and good sources . Patel is also a bit of a Nvidia fan , so consider that as well . https://www.semianalysis.com/p/nvidias-blackwell-reworked-shipment?r=2ihrkr&utm_campaign=post&utm_medium=web
Good luck with replacing workers with chatgpt lmao
Nah , it's my alerts , lol . I might be getting hypnotized by my own damn phone . But I do know it's getting weird . When a publication touts a person's fund manager status to substantiate their opinion , and that fund manager basically says if they post bad earnings the stock could dump , ( like every other stock in the market ) something is up . [ https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hedge-fund-elliott-says-ai-132813734.html ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/hedge-fund-elliott-says-ai-132813734.html )
Nah Apple has fanbois and - girls . Tesla is a cult because the product is * just look at the cyber truck build quality videos 🫡
Well I guess he's branching out , because Nvidia has never said such things . Furthermore , they're leaving out a very important piece even if this were true . These are B2B sales , not Amazon shopping . The Blackwells are already paid for . So they could ship them tomorrow , or next year . The cash is already in their coffers . So a delay would have no effect on revenue or earnings . The fact that there's no mention of that tells me it's a basic hit piece , like the other pile of hit pieces to hit the web over the last month .
With the current state of customer services , a monkey would suffice .
It ’ s a slowish process but its definitely happening
Do you really think companies aren ’ t in a rush to eliminate their payroll ? You must have never worked retail before
A lot of workers have already been replaced by other workers + AI . Most people think an AI will replace 10 workers ( or a random number ) ... it's not like thay . An AI will make a team of 10 workers become a team of 3-5 workers + AI ... and this is been happening for more than a year now ... all the big tech companies are doing it !
Klarna is doing it as we speak . Their chatbot did the work of 700 employees last year .
... Dude Amazon already deploying robots for warehouse jobs . Shits closer than you think
Always gonna be opinions on both sides .
Cybertruck is awesome quality and steer by wire makes every other car seem prehistoric . You need to stop believing the click bait crap you see on YouTube .
What ? You think companies that are spending billions on a products don't have performance clause and claw backs ... And no , they are not paid for up front . You have no idea what you are talking about .
I really think AI right now can't do it yet .
Are you in big tech companies ?
Replacing indian customer service ?
Sure , but that's not an opinion . That's a widely accepted potential pitfall with investing in equities , any one of them . That's what set me off like that old Carlin skit . " Hmm , it might be true . It could have some merit . Sounds plausible ... " Then I saw that quote in the story " AH HAH , IT'S BULLSHIT ! ! ! " lol
Steer by wire is a terrible idea that I would never want in my vehicle . Some of us like to actually have a feel for what the car is doing and enjoy the physical connection . Same reason I prefer a stick shift .
Of course they do , but minor delays are factored in , and they most certainly are when the products are made to order . What ? Do you seriously believe companies take orders , put the money into the manufacturing , and then hope for the best ? What planet are you from ?
The thought is in the new few years which will be here before we know it 2025-2030
Karma is Swedish , so I think it ’ d be considered European due to the multilingual nature of the continent .
If it goes up , you're a genius . If it goes down , it's the government conspiring against you .
It's called a down payment . The majority is collected on delivery . I don't think you gave been on this planet long enough to know it seems .
Until then , the stock price will fall , and the industry will price in AI adequately . The same thing happened dure internet discoveries . Internet was revolutionary people lost their money anyways .
OP bought the top of a bubble due to FOMO and naivety and is now making up a conspiracy rather than just admit he made the wrong decision
Oh it could go either way . Nothing happening right now is a result of hard data . That WILL eventually blow over , and I will still be waiting with my shares tucked neatly in my portfolio . I'm not even getting into near term performance . But when a fund manager does an article telling me the stock could go down if NVDA posts some bad earnings , now it's time to call bullshit loud and proud !
I don't believe I'm even getting into this . IT'S A RUMOR ! ! ! Worse than that it came from IBD that it was floated by a Microsoft employee , which makes it even more ridiculous that I'm splitting hairs with someone that has never been involved in a B2B transaction beyond a roach-coach . See ya !
During the dotcom bubble they never had this type of technology nor did they have this amount of on hand cash
What technology ? Internet boomed over a full decade from 2010 to 20218 with FANG and all the cash in the world , it takes time , it never develops in 2 years or 1 and a half years , this is a severe misunderstanding of the tech process . As of now , I am a software dev , I use all GPT tech and it's garbage trash , hallucinates and can't keep up with composite logic or algorithms with many steps , it can just do the donkey work if you will . We are still far far away from a reliable non-hallucinating LLM if ever , or we try to figure out a new model entirely which also will take time .
Difference is we not only have the top companies trying pouring money into this , we also have the top economies around the world doing the same This is going to have implications to every single sector and truly change our lives The internet was great but there are still people that don ’ t use it or are not affected by it AI will not just be some chatbot Think healthcare and the discovery of new drugs , without AI that will not be possible
What you're saying didn't reflect in any earnings report of any company so far .. Let's see what happens .. My point is what you're saying probably will happen , and also people will lose money on stocks . If it's gonna be super competitive and super innovative like this , it doesn't make sense that Nvidia will never face any competition at all , which is what this sub proposes .
Damn . I am gonna lose my job .
New business opportunity - Ai robot maintenance garage with oil change and everything
I suppose I ’ ll make sure to add robot apocalypse training to the regiment for my future children and my family
I build robots and my company actually sells robots to the US military what NVDA and silicon valley companies are doing are all controlled by humans every movement . You have to separate true biological intelligence than unmanned robot that controls its joints and makes its own decisions that will never happen since human brain is very unique . What you are seeing in the media is false propaganda and it's all puppetry like Disney but slightly more polished with algorithms etc but need human input at all stages even to move one finger .
u / [ AttTankaRattArStorre ] ( https://www.reddit.com/user/AttTankaRattArStorre/ ) Maybe this should be posted in r / Futurism ?
I'll take a maid-robot anytime please .
Sucks to be named john connor
nvda & tsla to the moon !
I just want my Rachel Tyrell , Cherry 2000 and my Joi 2049 to get along together .
Think about how much time has been wasted because lack of human effort . Imagine where we would be as a civilization if we didnt have lack of human efforts holding us back . At least these robots will be 100 % efficient and ill buy one for 3k .
We are a long ass way away from this being a relevant concern .
Don ’ t worry about losing your job to an NVDA AI Humanoid … . hopefully you ’ ll have made enough money from NVDA stock to retire
older folks may not adapt fast enough and lost their jobs but there will be new jobs for younger generations
That ’ s the easiest part . I think you would also have to be an expert in C # in case someone needs some software fix .
Colleges are now offering Ai and Robotics courses online . An entire wave of new and exciting opportunities will be on horizon .
Yeah , but we are only 2024 . The problem is how technology evolve , in lets say , 30 years
what about tsla optimus ?
Development is not linear right now . In the past we went slowly with AI development and it was not a concern , but since recent breakthroughs it's likely to be exponential . Just look how many companies are working on this . It's literally an explosion in this area of development . If you are naive , you will fall behind . The train is speeding up faster and faster , jump on it before it's too late , meaning that i suggest everyone read up on all the latest developments in AI , use the latest tools , and also develop them if you can .
I know this is at least a half joke , but a very real part of my long term worry . Nvidia is at least a partial hedge even if I don ’ t own enough to float me
“ fix ” = “ advancements ”
we can generate code via text input using LLM the mechanic wouldn't need to be an expert in coding
How ? It took over a period of 3-7 million years for the human brain to evolve and when homo sapiens appeared just about 200,000 years ago their brain mass increased approximately 1.3 kg . The human brain does what it does and enables humans to do all these things we do including innovation and manipulation due to structural mechanical systems in the human body it's nothing like what the clumsy things the computer scientists are doing today they don't even have a clue what to do to make a real humanoid and I have made 3 of them already like 10 years ago . Honestly these companies are milking people for their money on lofty ideas with promises that will not produce ROI in half a century . Also there is the whole Moore's law thing with fundamental limit to chip size and there is thermodynamic limit there is no way any robot will do anything close to a human on its own possibly forever ..
but how would he know what ’ s wrong with the software and what to fix ?
Yeah , 2 points . 1 ° Technology is exponential . Compare the time it took humanity to create the first plane vs the time period between that and going to the moon , is a good example . 2 ° AI concept of self learning , will be leagues above human capacity . Sure , it lack things like empathy and morals if not properly handled . That's why people are concerned As long as it is handled with care , it will be fine though
self healing ( diagnostics ) 👀
it ( he / she / they ) could also be part of humanoid social circle , where they discuss problems & speculate solutions
These markets are so manipulated and orchestrated . All these institutions unloading before and after market , so many brokerages denying access to retailers ( who no doubt missed out on the session lows ) and now a big rebound overseas by the very market that initiated the sell off . Give me a fucking break , they are walking around with a lighter and all of us are rubbing two sticks together .
[ deleted ]
so it was just to shake out the paperhands ...
That guy u / Dieselcook is right again . Where is he ? He said “ a monster rally of epic proportions will begin . ” Can ’ t wait for that rise from the ashes .
Nasdaq will close at + 2.8 % up on Tuesday .
Cat bounce . Meeeoooow
A lot of profit taking
👏 Indeed man ...
Or an overreaction
Yep , exactly
Calm before the storm probably . The yield curve is still in the process of flipping and there is probably more downside for NVDA . The bull market might be on pause for a while if there's a recession .
he was right many times . lets see this time
[ deleted ]
Can't go up forever . If you're just holding long term then you're probably in good shape tho .
couldnt agree more !
Can go up enough
I work in software . The AI thing is very real . My company packages it in our product , and we use it internally ( open AI ) . And I personally use gemini , copilot and chat gpt 4o . My work is enhanced with these tools , and AI is only getting better . Those who talk down the AI thing just don't get it or see it in action . It will be bundled into products , it's not going to be a massive stand alone product like the dumbos in the market expect . So it will hit the meta verse , office 365 , search engines , image gen on creative products , self driving etc etc . This drives revenue of those products via licensing fees , it keeps the nvidia train running and in demand . And so on .
SMCI tomorrow , rly hope that does well too
easy 30 % profit , lol . Thank you " recession " FUD . Fuck recession .
This + AMD beating earnings are good signs for NVIDIA . Was disel cock right again ?
The AI stocks are green on After Hours right now
Did they mention anything about AI though ? Palantir isn ’ t just an AI stock …
It pretty much is , and could be one of the next great growth stories
There's a very bright future for AI in the Military / Industrial complex . But since it has nothing to do with imminent arrival of the singularity or the AGI , it's too boring for griftfluencers to cover .
It's P / E is 3x NVDA's Am I reading that wrong ?
This .
is gemini better than chat gpt ?
That guy is often right . He speaks sense and knows how markets behave . We need his guidance .
ugh i need some pepto bismol after this past week .. anything to change the sentiment please lol
The CEO attributed the results to unrelenting demand for AI .
It ’ s expensive AF if you look at P / E . And I can see why many don ’ t like to invest in it right now . But … They are the only software that truly gets it right . They have a superior product and have been working on this for 20 years . Their CEO is relentless in making this the best product to market to integrate LLMs into individual businesses by using their ontology . I am self employed and have been working with people who use this . It ’ s insane what it can do for a company . So , yes , P / E very high . IMHO , however , it ’ s the true AI play if you look at software . If they continue to scale , the future looks bright for them .
It was about 6 months ago . GPT is ahead of it now . You can even make your own GPTs that focus on a specific topic or subject . And chat gpt 4o has dalle built in for image gen . Gemini doesn't do this . Gpt also except files easier and can generate excel files and so on . GPT has taken a leap beyond gemini . I sub to both personally , but will prob drop gemini . My work licenses gpt internally and we package open AI in the product we sell as " AI capability " . Essentially , it's azure open AI so customer data is not used to train the model etc .
Hell yeah brother ! Love to hear that !
The only thing I ’ m sure of is that I ’ ll be wrong lol
between $ 98 / $ 156
A dollar sign followed by some numbers with a decimal point .
We hit 150 during the day but it closes at 140
Exactly 142.069
All time highs , and 10 % higher than whatever we close at on Wednesday
Good earnings = all tech stocks will get a huge boost . Bad earnings = tough months ahead till christmas market .
https://www.marketwatch.com/story/can-nvidias-stock-hit-a-high-after-earnings-options-market-says-its-unlikely-dcf3f911
Ik im gnna get downvoted but with such high expectations one slight error in the earnings report and this stock could drop 10 percent day after . Howver AMD had extremely strong earnings , so I am bullish
Up up down down left right left right till next wave
All i know is , people will take profits and the dip will be significant at some point . Do not panic , this is going to happen and it will continue to climb higher if you continue to hold throughout the rest of the year .
I don ’ t think people will let it go over $ 140
$ 131.88 . lol
145-150
every day the same question . Same as should i buy more ? should i DCA ? will nvda go up again ? is it too late to get in ? what will be stock price eoy ? how high can nvda go ? 😂
138
I dont think it will move past $ 135-140 only because it would make it the # 1 most valuable company and once you ’ re at that level , the share value moves way slower .
180
I think the stock will behave similarly to past earnings . It will go up and peak about a month after earnings , then start going down because ( insert reason here ) , and the cycle will repeat . It will reach another low point , and this is when the media will confabulate reasons for weakness , most likely predicated on “ how long can they keep this up ” kind of stuff . So all that being said , it feels like it will get to 180ish . However , before last earnings , I never would have guessed it would have even gotten to 140 . I sold some at 103 ( 1,030 ); thinking that was it , and that it could probably reach 120 ( 1,200 ) by December . So taking into account my own disbeliefs , maybe it could even touch 190-200 . I know that sounds crazy , but 140 sounded crazy , and here we are touching 130 before earnings .
$ 150ish after hours and maybe spike a little Thursday and Friday , then crab / slow pullback before consolidating at a new support level
1 chicken foot
High of $ 147.40
$ 140 before earnings & then $ 160 after earnings with possible movement to $ 170 - $ 180 by Fed meeting . After Fed decision , down with market until late October . Probably $ 200 + by end of year .
Okay , I ’ ll make the prediction for you , but within a range of just one dollar in either direction . So , if my prediction is correct you should pay for my prediction . I ’ ll accept 10 % of your positive earnings from my prediction and $ 1 from everyone else that profits from my prediction . It will hit a high of around $ 147 ( + or - $ 1 ) Enjoy the win and share the wealth :)
Let me get out my crystal ball ..
Between 1 and 1000
$ 300
$ 194.73
It will do a little dance , make a little love , then go down at night , down at night
$ 141 , a dollar value I plucked out of thin air
420.69
I can ’ t see it holding over $ 150 because of market cap and profit taking . I fully believe in the stock . I imagine the resting price will be between $ 120 ( low end pullbacks ) and $ 155/160 for now . It could edge higher but I don ’ t think it ’ s stable there with wider economic issues and again big players ready to take profits creating volatility . Just my opinion and I ’ m holding 1400 shares for years and will continue to hold .
It will be 155 after they announce another 10 to 1 stock split .
I'm on hold with headquarters waiting on Jensen . I'll let you know next Wednesday night .
Nobody knows that's why it's an earnings report . With that said , 142
I miss the days when people didn ’ t ask this question EVERY DAY
+ / - 10.4 % of market close on Aug 28
160ish in September . October downturn , and then after EC in November , 200s ?
After the Powell speech , rate cuts coming & a good report , I am optimistic that we will be in the $ 140 by 8/ 30 .
Super experienced and well versed here , it ’ ll probably be at around 500 $ . Give or take ( zero bias of course )
The read from major players , Microsoft , Meta , Google and Amazon is a huge increase in CAPEX . Taiwan Semiconductor had a large increase in the quarter and Nvda buying from them helped there . If Blackwell is just a minor delay we might see a run up like the last quarter report .
How would any of us know ?
U shud buy calls dated for August 30 for the lolz
About Tree Fiddy
115
$ 173.36
140 $ or 90 $
down to 115
Prob $ 140 + - few dollars , I am bullishing it
Cannot tell the price but going to be positive with me
$ 145
It ’ s a spread : 138-145 by the end of the day . The news is going to be positive .
Hopefully 150
Well , some folks out there bought the CCs I sold on NVDL for 90 ... which implies NVDA close to 170 . Even if strong growth in the next few weeks alters the linear relationship a bit , we're still looking at at least NVDA 160 . I'll take it .
114
$ 156 20 % jump
140-150
At least $ 1
$ 150
It will either moon or it will crater . No in between .
Something .
It ’ ll be hard to predict . But I want it to be 118 , so I can btd
Blackwell delay won't impact this upcoming earnings so .. i dont know
169
The stock is expected to move 10.2 % up or down . https://tools.optionsai.com/earnings/NVDA
If ER is well received and we follow previous patterns , $ 150-155 and then runs to $ 170-180 within a month . If not then $ 95-105 area .
Bout tree fiddy .
If it dumps after ER = buy more shares .
$ 114
I ’ m hoping close to $ 140 . A lot of analysts are bullish on this stock and we continue to read about heavy spending on AI . If they reiterate this on the conference call and remain upbeat for the full year into 2025 we could have a nice ride .
Monday - 128 + , Tuesday 132 , Wed 146 .
Considering that Nvidia is coercing companies to buy in , I think they'll have enough revenue to push for a close 7-9 % beat
$ 95
It probably go $ 150 and rapidly go $ 120 . Nvidia has a lot of short term traders .
1 fucktillion dollars
It will depend on guidance more than earnings . If guidance is strong predict breaking resistance of $ 146 then move up from there .
Anything above $ 120 would suit me fine
1 fidty
Well , if Blackwell is delayed and people are waiting to buy it there might be an air-pocket in their earnings this quarter . Expectations are high and any bump in the road might cause a significant short term drop ( and huge buying opportunity ) .
145-150 is possible . There is A buying frenzy on the way .
$ 160 + Let's fuckkkking go ! 825 shares
I'll go for the thread high : $ 170
Precisely 147.24 Close 8/ 28/2024 .
140-145 if they beat the earnings like last quarter . If they beat much more than predicted then it ’ s going to go crazy
Resistance at 140 so no more than that . 135 to 140 .
As long as we close above $ 135 on Friday and my call spreads get called away , I'll be happy . I'm not selling my shares until at least 2030 , so my shares could care less about a few days of movement
Tge stonk is worth well over 160
Look for 5 % bump on Thur
Hoping about $ 29
Will you sell if it hit $ 150 ?
$ 90
[ deleted ]
101
I just hope Jensen Huang doesn ’ t turn into Bill Huang during this call
It would be nice if someone from the company told us how their production and sales has been , even qualitatively .
Yes .
$ 131.74
Yes .
[ https://tenor.com/view/dr-evil-one-billion-dollars-haha-money-gif-16679435 ] ( https://tenor.com/view/dr-evil-one-billion-dollars-haha-money-gif-16679435 )
3.50
A buck
$ 185
95
110 to 115 ... about every one on wsb is waiting to unload their calls or shares after earnings
Amazon was $ 127 after split , and now it's $ 177 . Nvidia was at $ 120 after split . It could reach $ 170 in a years time
Buy the rumour , sell the news . The current price is already reflecting the fact that the earnings will be good . Nowhere to go but down .
You seem to be a very responsible trader in a world of regards ...
And that's exactly why I'm buying a spread . But knowing me , I'll probably still lose money
I say it ends up at the same number as the numbers of 👍 to this thread .
Then say the price will be down .
Or right .
More like 96/158
The only accurate answer
$ 1XX . X
Good point
I'd be ecstatic with that .
Ok I'll sell at 150
This actually insane . This isn ’ t penny stock , the company is valued at $ 3.2 trillion . We ’ d be lucky to get close to 140 .
Yea I think this is a good call .
You need an incredible amount of money to push it so high , and people already spent a lot in it and have little to add .
This would be insane .
Simply no . The guidances gonna destroy this stock . Check out Zack , posting a -2.25 % ER surprise
Guess ? That ain ’ t no guess , that ’ s what it gon ’ be .
I understand implied movement , but they can get easily breached either way . Look at SNOW which reported earnings a couple of ago ; implied movement was 11 % and it blew passed that to the downside and it was down almost 15 % . If it was so easy to predict movement within certain percentage , everyone would be making money .
I've been trapped in a few options plays . I've had 2000 shares with calls sold 10 bucks over the high strike on a good day , and nvda took off running . I missed the whole run and walked away with my tail between my legs and an exercised call option ( which everyone who does options knows it's best when they expire ) My point here is , the options market doesn't call the shots . The market does .
Everyone should read this .. ^ ^
Last earnings people wouldn't let it go above $ 1000 , it literally triple topped in the months leading into the report . Earnings was the catalyst to make $ 1000 happen . If we get good earnings AND people like it I think 140 would actually be the buy signal . If people don't like it then that's a different story
Right ? It bounced off 135 before , with 140 as such a common price target I can't imagine people will still be buying at 140.50
The real answer starts to come . Na if they push past earnings enough it will lower the PE ratio and therefore make a higher price justifiable
is now a good time to buy ?
I'll copy and paste what I replied to someone with the similar concept about the market cap and share price . Market capitalization doesn't limit a stock's price from increasing . Market cap is simply the total value of outstanding shares , calculated by multiplying the current stock price by the total number of shares . If investors believe a company's fundamentals justify a higher price , they can continue to buy shares , which can drive the price up . This is because market forces , like supply and demand , ultimately determine stock prices . If investors continue to buy shares , the price can still rise , regardless of the market cap . Last year " Simply Wall St " ( and others ) were talking about how they didn't expect an 11 % increase from Apple this year , because everyone has a cell phone now . The cell phone " market " has met " saturation " . To continue substantial growth , apple will have to continue to venture out beyond phones , tablets , and VR . NVidia is in another ballpark all together . The AI market is on the other end of the spectrum . They are nowhere near saturation . This is all meant to explain that the market cap doesn't influence share prices . The point I'm trying to make is that the companies that you're using for reference didn't slow down in growth of share prices because of their market cap . Fundamentals are key , and that is Nvidia's strong point .
I don't think you can compare NVDA to AAPL or MSFT . AAPL and MSFT are not hyper growing their revenue Not only are they completely different business models , but NVDA is not a component of the DJIA and neither AAPL nor MSFT are components of SMH . So then the rules established may not necessarily apply to NVDA .
relax bro
I think this is pretty much spot on
👍 Bounces $ 145-150 . depends on guidance on where it settles out .
Taking a while …
Yea idk about that one
Thatd be amazing but I doubt it
Thanks Bro
October is usually a very good for the broader market . I don't see a sell-off coming in October .
You got money on that ?
I did and already took profit , not gonna risk ‘ ‘ em all .
All the numbers in your comment added up to 420 . Congrats ! 90 + 170 + 160 = 420 ^ ( [ Click here ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose?to=LuckyNumber-Bot&subject=Stalk%20Me%20Pls&message=%2Fstalkme ) to have me scan all your future comments . ) \ ^ ( Summon me on specific comments with u / LuckyNumber-Bot . )
Then we need to see what Diesel has to say about it after they have time to see the data .
Blackwell wasn ’ t going to ship til year end anyway so has no impact on this quarters earnings . If anything it would affect guidance , but that ain ’ t happening fella
Any impact from a Blackrock delay wouldn't show up until the February ER at the earliest .
We will all owe you a beer ( and gladly pay ) !
Upside is 11 percent if earnings go well so we could well be into 145 . However , profit taking will start so we will end at 140 .
Obv !
Not all . I will sell my calls of Sept but hodl Dec .
Love a curveball . And a descent price expectation for a miss .
They will , on the 28th of August . But the rest of the industry has already told everyone just not explicitly . All of nvidias customers had elevated capex spending for last quarter , they all raised their capex expectations for the next quarter , and if you have listened to Nvidia ’ s last earnings call or followed any of Jensen ’ s appearances he does not come across as a shill , he comes across as overly confident to the point of being smug . At some point people have to understand that technicals and people ’ s personal feelings don ’ t mean a goddamn thing in the stock market outside of being a barometer for most likely performance . Nvidia keeps making money hand over fist , every single one of their customers is pushing each other out of line to spend more money . The single biggest actual bear case for nvidia that seems realistic and isn ’ t a version of “ hurrr durrr it ’ ll be worth more than apple ” is a serious supply chain constriction that could take a long time to really ramp up . If the biggest bear case for a company is that they cannot physically make enough product to satisfy demand at a massive scale than that is a company I ’ m going to invest in heavily .
That's not a very good analogy to draw . The revenue growth for the last year is incomparable . * AMZN - 9.4 % * AAPL - 5.5 % * MSFT - 7.6 % * NVDA - 50.2 % I know that a lot more than jsut revenue goes into pricing the asset , but this accounts for the largest portion of it . NVDA is almost 6x greater .
Very regarded here but also very self aware … not sure if that makes me any less regarded though 😅
this seems like a regardly possibly https://www.reddit.com/r/Damnthatsinteresting/s/8Bib9UKaJO
Yeah I was thinking the same thing .
More probable 95.50 / 158.50
No you won ’ t . Edit : Thought this is wsb .. lol
That ’ s what will make it dip to $ 140 !
Market capitalization doesn't limit a stock's price from increasing . Market cap is simply the total value of outstanding shares , calculated by multiplying the current stock price by the total number of shares . If investors believe a company's fundamentals justify a higher price , they can continue to buy shares , which can drive the price up . This is because market forces , like supply and demand , ultimately determine stock prices . If investors continue to buy shares , the price can still rise , regardless of the market cap .
Price targets before the split were as high as 1500 . I admit the market cap is getting stretched , but I wouldn't bet against Nvidia . I believe it will get to 150 sometime in the near future , just not yet .
what it has to do with it
You'd be surprised . It's really greed , fear , arrogance and pessimism that gets the better of people .
Costs money , gimme the spark notes version .
My friend has 5 - month-old who can ’ t read . I ’ m disappointed in him .
I like this perspective a lot
$ 213.67
A man can dream can ’ t he ?
Not this year chips & Queso
Just my 430 shares of NVDL and 240 of NVDA .
This !
Exactly ! In the long run , product demand drives up the financial numbers , which in turn increases demand for the stock . Based on increasing demand for AI and the fact that Nvidia is number one technologically in the field right now it ’ s hard to see it as anything but a winner , at least for the next few years …
But do you have a mirror ? ? 🤔
> If investors believe a company ’ s fundamentals justify a higher price I mean … . how many people are really paying attention to fundamentals ? It ’ s all speculation , buying something hoping the value goes up . For the vast majority of “ investors ” it might as well be bitcoin .
I ’ ve been investing for 15 years now , and the one things I ’ ve done very consistently is far far more under estimate how big tech companies will become . I remember seeing Apple , Google , Amazon and etc way back and thinking there ’ s no way it ’ s gonna hit X price and we are many multiples beyond that . I ’ m gonna say the same thing will happen here . People tend to over estimate in the short term and under estimate in the long term .
Yea I wouldn ’ t be surprised if it hits 150 near the end of the year but some people in this subreddit are expecting this stock to just jump up 10 % after earnings which I don ’ t think would be probable for a company of this size . And honestly something like that wouldn ’ t be too good for the long term .
Options traders predict a 9 % implied move so either $ 141 or $ 116 after earnings .
Options market action suggests the stock price will tank to 116 or below after earnings , and there is a lower probability of it going up above $ 142 . Edit . I don't understand people who are downvoting this.Guys this is not my opinion , it's the coles notes version of the article .
$ 212.43
I dream when I look at porn .
Delusional . TSLA is your best reference for a double stock split . NVDA ain ’ t in the ballpark
That ’ s my secret
Then let the supposed majority not pay attention . You're simply speaking of uneducated investors . What they do won't change the fundamentals , and fundamentals always win out .
Investing is all about speculating ! ! !
Trust me , I totally agree ! ! !
Why not ? After the last earnings it went up from 95 to 130 and ultimately 140 before flipping back and forth and we are now close to 130 again . 95 to 130 is pretty much 33 % jump .
Lmao … What “ options market action ” is that ? ? The put / call ratio is . 65 and even lower the following 3 weeks after earning . That ’ s definitely not bearish from actual open options .
Well .. keep your secret , makes me no nevermind .. was just going to point out if you have a mirror , you're never alone .. 🤣 🤣 🤣
Last year , people bought at $ 490 . Watched it drop to $ 400 . And it didn ’ t really get back to $ 490 for three quarters . Then it went to … $ 1400
The stock doesn't know that you own it or care what your break even price is .
Been a long term holder and this stock has always been volatile so get used to it .
My 90 year old dad bought his NVDA shares in 1999 , only to see it drop almost 90 % the following year . He pretty much forgot about it for a long time because he figured it wasn't worth selling . Today , after several splits , it's about 100,000 shares , or about $ 12 million . So yeah buy and forget
It ’ s so easy to post this after the stock rallies 15 % in a week . Have the balls to post this when it ’ s at $ 92.20 after falling 30 % .
#ALL-IN NVDL BABY
Yea I got 13 shares rn gonna try and get more in the future .
Had mine for 10 years
so how often are stock splits ? i'm sure they vary , I'm 25 & wish I got in + 4 years earlier , invested in Nvda & few ETFS like s & p 500 & voo
I can ’ t touch the money until 2042 . So yeah . This is a long term hold
Now hold for another 20 years
Also , just remember that AI stocks will skyrocket as the previous generations die off ( they ’ re the anti-AI force and hold a lot of equity in the US Stock market )
A good motivator for holding the stock ( or selling it ) is to learn as much as you can about the company . People who trade stock without doing DD on the company and looking at their financials are asking for stress and anxiety . Know the business .
If you are an investor then you are fine . If you are a gambler then you panic . I bought AAPL in 1997 and freaked out every day , watching it , being nervous , heading to an ulcer . I hadn ’ t learned how to invest . I sold ( at a profit , but still … ) and my stress went away . I later learned more about financial management and investing , bought back in later to a lot of products , including Apple and nvda . I watched and took some profit as the prices soared but left it alone while it dropped . Yes , it was frustrating ; still is . But it ’ s staying put until I get my value . I ’ m not a trader . I ’ m an investor . I ’ m an owner .
> I also realized a good motivator to hold the stock is to imagine your break even price is some really high value like 200 . Another is to challenge yourself to not look at it for 365 days .
Bought in at $ 550 , sold at $ 900 Again bought all in Average $ 112 . Now in for the next 5-6 years ?
I bought in January and thought I was buying too late . There were some dips between now and then , but I ’ m still up close to 100 % ( would be over 100 % , but I ’ ve bought more on the way up ) . Just be patient . This is a multi year play , if you can afford to wait it out .
Or in ' 22 when I had it , I'd bought \ ~ 1000 shares for \ ~ 50K in 2020 and then in 2020 , it'd run up to 340 or 360 and then ... the long , slow , painful decent down to 120 ... and then it again started to shoot back up . Or how about this past April when people bought it for 974 in April ( maybe it was late March ) and then watched as it dropped down to IIRC , 720 intraday on the 19th of April ? This stock is always volatile .
Oh wow 3 quarters I had no idea .
I bought at 800 and it was dipped to 700 once but I still hold it .
Sorry I'm new to this . 490 in what currency ?
What kind of crack you smoking . It was four hundred in November . It bounced up almost 500 , fell back into the low fours in December , and by the end of January into February it was 600 . Three quarters ?
You say that but always when I sell it bounces yet when I buy it craters
If that happens again I hope I ’ ve got the funds to DCA down
If he has the balls to hold the stock through it who cares if he has the balls to post about it . Let him , and everyone , ride happy with the good times 😎
Stock splits aren't s scheduled thing and some companies have never done them . As a note : VOO is an SP500 index ETF which means it is the S & P :)
[ Stock split history for NVIDIA ( NVDA ) ] ( https://companiesmarketcap.com/nvidia/stock-splits/ ) A \ ~ $ 3,000 investment ( 1,000 shrs NVDA @ \ ~ $ 3 ) in early June 2000 ( before 1st split ) is now 480,000 shrs worth over \ ~ $ 58m . Can you say " FIFTY-EIGHT MILLION DOLLARS " ? ? ?
I agree ! That ’ s why I bought the stock in the first place , their profit margins are huge .
Although people say things like " Past performance ... " or " Time in the market .. " yadda yadda , I think it demonstrates that you should buy during inevitable big dips .
Wow that must have been crazy to hold through
US dollar , pre split price
49 dollars a share before 10-1 . And that was 12 dollars a share before the 4-1 in ' 22 ( actually , 12.25 a share , but you get the idea ) .
i'm still new here to but to my understanding USD currency before the split ; I'm holding long term too or atleast one year lol for the lower capital gains
Right , but that's not enough . You need to know where the business is heading . Those margins could ( and will ) dry up at some point . Lucky for shareholders , Jensen has proven himself to be very competent at leading the company over the years , and hopefully he continues to build out and grow the business . And the AI stuff is just kicking off , so the medium term looks pretty good for margins and revenue .
Yeah ... up to a point . I'm only buying right now for others . My Dad's portfolio and my Nephew ( who's 1 ) . I'm not buying anymore ... AVGO is my next . That's got more potential to 3,4 , 5X than NVDA ( obviously as NVDA is massive and if the AI capex is to reach 300B next year , I like AVGO being the # 2 in that business ) .
It was ... it was miserable . I wasn't really following the earnings of NVDA and it's clients the same back then . I THINK I'll be able to see if there's going to be a massive drop and stay out in front of it ( I should be selling now just with so much of my portfolio in one holding but I bought more this last year ) .
Yeah he ’ s a pretty bright guy . Night and day difference between him and Elon Musk 😂
I agree , to a certain point . Holding both is paramount
I ’ m all in if it makes you feel better 😂 Like 95 % of my portfolio is NVDA .
Long NVDA , short TSLA . Easy money .
Oh ... yeah , I'm not dumping NVDA . It's like an NFL team that has a HOF QB and they draft a young stud . That HOF QB is still going strong ... he may still win two MVPs , but that younger guy has the potential for bigger returns over the next 15 years ... that's a clunky analogy , I'm just getting ready to watch the Packers pre-game and if you're a FB fan , it'll make enough sense !
I'm in 100 % ,
That was a very good analogy , in my area it's the saints and san Francisco .. but I'm surrounded by pakers fans rn . But yeah I think a hold is better than buffetts doing . Forget that cathy Wood . I like drukenmillers view on nvda
LOL ... Cathy Wood should be only for entertainment ! OR ... maybe you set up a fund that does the exact opposite of what she suggests ? That'd make money ! She lost 12B dollars during a bull market . " The greatest destroyer of wealth . " I mean , among people who actually try . Madoff and others were worse , but they were lying . And Buffett is brilliant , but if I listened to him , I never buy NVDA in 2020 . I listen to people I know and trust . They told me buy NVDA ( actually in 2016 , but didn't listen then ) ... but I don't understand exactly how all of it works together . I understand the general themes , but the nuance of the Business ? Over my head . That's one of Buffett's rules . Understand the product you're investing in . He's got some others . Better rules for retirement age IMO . The Bonds to stock ration and all that . I understand triple-digit YOY growth , I understand 78 % margins , 65 % gross , 1 % cap ex , and ... a GREAT company that has a Moat !
It's insane that The Information was legally able to report a fake story during blackout period that cost the stock over $ 200 billion in a single trading day
Exactly 2 weeks to go and still time to load up before the ER .. good luck guys , gals and grandmas !
sexy news
ER news cycle commenced !
It will be engineering sample
It's insane that investors pay attention to a sheet of papyrus named : The Information
It matches with the delay reported . only a small number will be shipped .
What fake story are you talking about ? That there was an issue with the Blackwell chips and they were delayed ? Because ... that's not a fake story . That's just tech . That common with not only NVDA , AMD , EVERY tech company . Nobody ever reported it as a huge issue . It pushed out SOME profits . And this is something hedge fund managers have known about for a while now . It was supposed to start being shipped out in Q3 ( which NVDA is in right now ) . Instead , it'll start shipping in Q4 ) . I don't understand either the consternation over the slight delay , or the anger about the reporting of it . Unless you're referencing something else , but I'm not sure what that'd be .
the Information reported that deliveries wouldn't start until Q1 2025 or later . That is wrong information and is what crashed the stock last week
It is delayed for 3 to 4 quater . It will be engineering sample
Issues are critical . Blackwell has lots of issues wait for next 3 to 4 quater
No , it was originally supposed to start shipping this fall in Q4 . But The Information reported that delays could be a quarter or longer , so shipments would start in 2025 . Foxconn is now saying the original timeline is on track and Blackwell chips will start delivering this fall . That Information report dropped the stock over 15 % on Aug 5th ...
3 to 4 ? All indications are that at most it is 3 mo , not 3 quarters .
Are you saying it's delayed from the 3rd Quarter to the 4th or 3 to 4 quarterS ? Because ... one's accurate , the first one . The latter is not . NVDA is going to blow away earnings ... it's going back to 140 ... maybe higher . This is a small hiccup and a normal one with tech . The issues are not critical . But ... you do what you'd like . From what I can tell , it's running around banging the alarm bells when actual analysts who study this shit are not only NOT worried , NVDA is the top stock ( at least for MS ) .
Yeah , you're just wrong . Huang said they'd START delivering in Q2 ( that's over now ) and they'd ramp up deliveries in Q3 and Q4 . You understand we're in Q3 right now , right ? We've been in Q3 for nearly a month now , right ? Maybe a little less ? So ... no , the original timeline is NOT on track . I ... don't know what you're reading or where you're getting it from , but this is no longer a theory , it's just a fact . There IS still massive demand for Hopper and Q2 is locked in , probably around 30-31 B . It's not a big deal , but ... I don't understand the denial .
No , you're just wrong . From NVDA ( Jensen Huang directly during the May 22 Earnings ); > During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of Blackwell will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . Do you listen to the earnings report of the companies that NVDA works with , or AT LEAST NVDA ? If you're going to be invested in the company , it's probably a good idea . https://www.businessinsider.com/nvidias-jensen-huang-blackwell-ai-chip-will-hit-market-2024-5#:\~:text=During%20the%20question-and-answer%20portion%20of%20the%20quarterly%20call%2C,centers%20up%20and%20running%20by%20the%20fourth%20quarter .
> The Information reported that delays * * could * * ... How is that misinformation ? They reported on what a supposed former employee said . Was that source lying ? Maybe . But The Information is just reporting on the story and speculating on the effects that a delay would have on the business and stock . Meanwhile , I don't think the drop occurred because of that story . Were you following the news the past few weeks ? The stock market has been extremely volatile and fearful due to job reports , yen carry trade unwinding and other macro factors .
First they have to qualify engineering sample before mass production . They think issue will get fixed but won't that's why they are planning b200A as backup
We're on the same page ... the problem is that The Information article that crashed the stock 15 % the morning of August 5th said that no GB200s would be delivered in 2024 and deliveries wouldn't start until Q1 2025 or later . Foxconn is now disputing that and are confirming deliveries before 2025
The problem is that the information article is completely wrong . It said deliveries would not start until Q1 or later . That is blatantly false , now confirmed by Foxconn and Nvidia
The stock was down 3 times more than other Mag 7 last Monday . To say the article didn't contribute to making the melt down worse is naive . I don't think media outlets should be able to report on a company's during their blackout period using a source like a former employee
Source > ?
No ... that's ... still NOT accurate . NVDA did NOT drop 15 % on August 5th because of this report . NVDA was at 103 on the 30th of July and there was the Bank of Japan and the Carry trade , when they decided to raise interest rates to 1.9 % . There's NO WORLD in which the report , which said , the B200s are delayed for a quarter until Q4 FISCAL YEAR 2025 ( which ends at the START of 2025 ) caused NVDA to drop 15 % as it didn't drop 15 % after that news came out and the Nasdaq was down 1000 points after the Japanese Markets fell 10 % . You're attributing these ... various factors to ONE report that you're saying isn't true DESPITE NVDA coming out and confirming ... it IS true . The B200s ARE delayed for \ ~ 3 months .
By the way , you like links ( even to articles that say with tech there can be delays ) . Please show me where NVDA confirmed it would be delivered in THEIR Q1 of next year ? Do you even understand what " fiscal year " is ? It's literally just any 12 - month period that a company uses for it's financial data . There are differences from company to company . What's the ONE constant theme ? \ ~ 3 month delay . Simple as that . Sorry you lack the ability to understand this . I'm also sorry you panic-sold or you were foolish enough to lose your money . That's on you . Not an accurate report .
NVDA has also gained a lot more than the rest of the Mag 7 throughout 2023 and 2024 ... so I'm not sure what your point is . Do you think the share price of successful companies just goes up without ever going down ? > I don't think media outlets should be able to report on a company's during their blackout period using a source like a former employee We get it , dude . You're pissed about losing money . I don't really see what the point is about bitching and moaning about the press or press freedom . Unless your daytrading , I'm not even sure why you would care about a selloff .
My god dude ... you really are hysterical about this ! I'm willing to bet money this isn't true . It was down 3X more than AMZN , GOOGL ? Or Apple and Meta who'd recently reported earnings ?
They are replacing b200 to b200a and limited shipment of gb200 till issues get resolved
There's lot of new ' investors ' they are not aware of the macro and have their heads focused on incorrect information . You are correct , without a doubt .
> The B200s ARE delayed for ~ 3 months . Is that confirmed or still just based on the report for a single ex-employee at Microsoft ?
If you're going to talk shit then know what you're talking about . BoJ hiked to . 25 % not 1.9 % ... The Information reported deliveries would not start until 2025 . Nvidia said that is wrong and now Foxconn has said that is wrong . Yes , Japanese weakness , Iran-War , as well as this report contributed to the weakness , but the INCORRECT Information article that came out that morning compounded the melt down I don't know why you're trying to argue in favor of the Information article because of the rest of your argument is trying to invalidate their report . Bizarre
The last sentence is enough , but ... LOL ... Jeeesus . This guy is hilarious . Who cares ? Anyone who's been invested in NVDA has seen this several times . AMD just had a chip delayed . It's ... not a big deal . Also , I'm pretty sure the article didn't say it was delayed until Q1 of next year ...
So you don ’ t have a source ?
Am I witnessing a breached company infosec policy or ..
If it ‘ s going to 3 or 4 quarters NVDA has an obligation to release news on it . All they are saying it ’ s that everything is on track and being ramped up . So unless there is a source that says this confidently i am going to go with the general small delay .
Yup . And that's great ... new investors means people becoming financially literate and ... you have a learning curve . I've been doing this a while ( though ... not long via Reddit ) and I still get upset when I see NVDA dropping or TSM , other stocks . It's just ... unsettling .
It's confirmed it's delayed . How delayed they are EXACTLY , well , NVDA hasn't had their earnings , but they released a statement regarding when it would be released initially and now when they expect it to be . It's ... at least 3 months . Hopper's still in huge demand though .
LOL ... I'm not talking shit , I'm just explaining ... very simple shit bud . I'm glad you can google , but you literally claimed NVDA droped 15 % because of an article you claim if false that ... was not , is not , this article proves is not and ... I guess you're upset about that ? And nothing is invalidating that report . They're delayed \ ~ 3 months . You should probably stick to ETFs though bud .
You commented all over my posts and called me wildly misinformed and you didn't even read the fucking article .
They will keep updating whether their engineering sample is ok for masss production or not . They are preparing b200A that will be launched by June 2025 . You see how intel was annouching its data center chip delay that took more than 1 year . Keeping fixing but issues remain there
Now new narrative is coming out saying component shortage how it can be possible when mass production was planned for q3 and q4 . It will e delayed or never release
> It's confirmed it's delayed . Where ?
Yeah , I did read the article . It said it was delayed until Q1 2026 for NVDA ? No . Again , you don't seem to understand the difference between Fiscal year and just citing a time . It's a 3 - month delay . It's that simple . And yes , you said THAT article led to a 15 % drop in the stock . That is wildly misinformed . It had ... ALMOST nothing to do with the stock dropping other than perhaps a few neophyte investors like you ... lost their shit ( as you're still doing ) and didn't understand and then when Japan saw it's worst day since 1987 and the market dropped , YOU attributed that all to ... an article that is accurate . Again , invest in ETFs . This isn't new . It's not even the only time in the last year that an NVDA chip was delayed .
So it is your conjecture then . Because the general understanding is that Blackwell revenue will start to factor in soon . Given how tech shareholders are , if what you say is true , they would have to update any serious delays without a doubt unless they want a shareholder lawsuit in the face . I would also chuckle a bit when comparing NVDA with Intel . there is a very good reason the latter is in the gutters right at the moment . given that there is enough smoke about the Blackwell delay i full believe there is a technical issue at hand , but everyone who is accredited or believable says nothing about a 3 or 4 quarter , not month , delay . On the other hand Foxconn mentinned that even for a 3-4 month delay they have enough increased Hopper sales , and they also confirmed preparing the blackwell cabinets . so , going back to my original question , you need to back up your statement with official sources or details .
It's everywhere , but you don't need to look any further than THIS article ; > " We are on track to develop and prepare the manufacturing of the new \ [ Nvidia \ ] AI server * * to start shipping in small volumes in the last quarter of 2024 * * , * * and increase the production volume in the first quarter of next year , " * * Foxconn spokesperson James Wu told investors in an earnings call . > " It is normal to dynamically adjust \ [ shipment schedules \ ] when the specs and technologies of a new product are largely upgraded . Whether the shipping schedule changes or not , Foxconn will be the first supplier to ship the first batch of GB200 , " Wu said . What was the original Blackwell timeline ? They'd START shipping small volumes in Q2 ( sampling ) and then ramp up in Q3 . Well , Q2 is over , we're in Q3 ... they're not . That's the easiest way to get confirmation . Or ... Reuters , NVDA's statement , every source . It's delayed . It's incredibly common . It'll just push the Blackwell earnings out and they'll fill them in with Hopper and that may even help their margins in the short term . It's not a big deal .
Without engineering sample said ok for mass production they cannot rampup . Still design will be in lab and engineering sample by October November .
> It's everywhere And yet you can't provide a link ... ? > > " We are on track to develop and prepare the manufacturing of the new [ Nvidia ] AI server to start shipping in small volumes in the last quarter of 2024 , and increase the production volume in the first quarter of next year , " Foxconn spokesperson James Wu told investors in an earnings call . > > " It is normal to dynamically adjust [ shipment schedules ] when the specs and technologies of a new product are largely upgraded . Whether the shipping schedule changes or not , Foxconn will be the first supplier to ship the first batch of GB200 , " Wu said . > What was the original Blackwell timeline ? > They'd START shipping small volumes in Q2 ( sampling ) and then ramp up in Q3 . > Well , Q2 is over , we're in Q3 ... they're not . That's the easiest way to get confirmation . Or ... Reuters , NVDA's statement , every source . > It's delayed . It's incredibly common . It'll just push the Blackwell earnings out and they'll fill them in with Hopper and that may even help their margins in the short term . It's not a big deal . What does any of that have to do with the story published by The Information which was about a specific issue regarding the fab process and was about pushing the deliveries back * another * 3 months on top of their already-adjusted timelines . You seem confused about what is being discussed here . We are talking specifically about the supposed issue with the interconnect die . Do you have a confirmation on * that * story ? Seems like you don't .
What are you talking about ? Where does it say it's being pushed back ANOTHER 3 months on top of the 3 months it's already pushed back ? It's pushed back \ ~ 3 months from it's originally planned date . It's going to start being shipped in Q4 Fiscal year 2025 for NVDA . That's the start of the YEAR 2025 . Where is the discrepancy ? Lets start there ?
The Information story specifically related to B200 and said that the delay pushed the delivery date another 3 months out ( to the beginning of fiscal year 2026 , I believe . If this was already known , why was it a news story ?
I never saw them say it was pushed out to NVDA fiscal year 2026 . It's always been a 3 - month delay because that's what the MSFT employee said and that's what subsequent reports have said . That also lines up with this timeline in the article . What was it a news story ? Because it was news . I don't understand the issue . It wasn't already known to retail investors , they told their largest clients and ... that's it .
Man , what are you talking about ? The report said that the B200 chips were delayed by * another * 3 months due to a flaw found " late in the process . " I'm not even saying that this story is true . It could end up being false , but that's what the story reported on . That's why it was news . You're saying that this was already public info . It wasn't . I suggest you actually read the reporting on this . Again , not particularly interesting or impactful imo , but you should at least understand what the story was .
You're talking about the August 2nd report , right ? Or the ensuing ones on the 3rd ? EVERYONE that said it could cause a 3 - month delay that's apparently fake news because the Blackwell chips that Huang said would start delivering in Q2 ( which is over ) and then ramp up in Q3 and Q4 ( it's Q3 , they're not ready ) ... and yet , they're not shipping . So then that'd mean what ? They're ... delayed . 3 months . The one that cited Reuters and then Reuters and everyone else including the WSJ , everyone reported on , right ? I don't know what the fuck you're talking about . " Another 3 months . " It was delayed 3 months . That's it . 3 months . I didn't say it was ALREADY public info , I said it was delayed 3 months , that was an estimate and one that's proven to be correct . Show me where they say it was delayed 6 months ? That it was an ADDITIONAL 3 months from the 3 months ? And you obviously wouldn't be talking about the August 2nd report , so it'd HAVE to be something else after that or what you're saying wouldn't make any fucking sense .
[ https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/artificial-intelligence/delay-nvidias-new-ai-chip-could-affect-microsoft-google-meta-information-says-2024-08-03/ ) > Aug 2 ( Reuters ) - Design flaws could cause a delay of three months or more in the launch of chip giant Nvidia's [ ( NVDA . O ) , opens new tab ] ( https://www.reuters.com/markets/companies/NVDA.O ) upcoming artificial-intelligence chips , tech-focused publication the Information said on Friday . This was the report . > You're saying that this was already public info . Where ? Where the fuck am I saying that ? > It wasn't . Right . Which is why you asked why when you asked " why was this news , " it was a stupid question . I never said it was public information prior to the 2nd . Show me where I said that . > I suggest you actually read the reporting on this . I suggest you read what I ACTUALLY wrote .
Bro , I just don't care . Like I said , this is hardly even relevant to my own investment thesis and I'm not even sure what we're arguing about at this point .
Fair enough ... I am getting frustrated . It doesn't do much to change mine either except maybe delay selling SOME of my NVDA because I am just to heavy in one company .
Agreed .
Too early to say . Let ’ s see later in the day / week
This is not a Fed emergency
Vanguard went down during the dip and I couldn ’ t buy shit before it reversed . Fucking unbelievable
I'm feeling really blessed for having managed to buy so many shares at 92.44
Emergency cuts are not good lol
it's a discussion forum , not a conviction forum
Added another 525 shares ( $ 92.25 ) to my already 2250 shares at cost basis of $ 95 approximately . . . I say approximately , because Schwab , one of my brokerage accounts is having a system wide outage . Unfuckingbelievable . Anyway , I called up to confirm the buy via telephone .
way too early to say
You had your opportunity to buy some on sale . If you missed out it is what it is . I would've bought more but of course Schwab and TOS were down :)
Blood on the streets .. buy buy buy
[ deleted ]
Schwab will not even let me log on to my account . I can't even see what's happening to my money , and no way to make adjustments if I wanted .
Woah ... what ? " The Lack of conviction on this subreddit is disgusting ? " LOL ... you can read my post history . I've been as bullish as anyone . I've said I think it's going to 180 , I said last week when people said we were out of the woods and it was back at 120 ... it could still go down to 110-100 just due to the volatility . But that's such a strange and obnoxious statement for a sub-reddit on an investment . It's not a political belief , it's people's money , their retirement funds . Relax with the lectures .
lol ! !
I want it to recover ad much as the next guy but I'm not sure $ 98 has me super convinced it's going to reach it's all time highs anytime soon .
What are you talking about , NVDA is among the worst down percentage ATM
they will not emergency cut this is part of the plan , asset prices have to go down .
If the market recovers even slightly , then the FED won't will feel the urgency to cut rates ... most likely will wait till September .
They ’ ll cut one time before the election so both parties can claim victory 😂
Scalped some SPY calls this am for the immediate reversal lol . This is broad market movement . It ’ s going to be a good year .
Why would the Fed make an emergency cut when the economy is still growing ? Just to make people in the stock market feel better ? 😂 Their mandate is ( 1 ) employment and ( 2 ) inflation .
Feel bad for anyone who dumped their shares at opening . Sometimes the best financial strategy is to look away for a little while .
I'm so close to breaking even .
[ deleted ]
I got in at 85
I don ’ t think there will be emergency cuts , that would spook the market even more .
I feel like this panic sale was way overblown . Like the big fucked in wallstreet deliberate to cause this black Monday so people will dump their share and force the Feb cut rate immediately .
We ’ re so fucking back .
Bought some Jan 2025 SPY Puts this morning . Down 35 % already because S & P 500 is off morning lows . Added 90 NVDA and some NVDY
BS there were people that are sleeping that had buy orders . This is a short sideways leg
Sauce ?
I need some help with this stock plus I'm new to all this 😩
by Wednesday I will agree with you .
THERE IS NO PASSION , THERE IS NO VISION , THERE IS NO AGGRESSION
Powell should of been fired long ago .
My avg CPS is 13.48 . I ’ m just gonna sit tight .
I'm just sitting back and laughing at all the panic . I've seen Black Monday , I've seen the dot com bubble burst , and I've seen 2008 . If you were forced to buy before all of those events , and couldn't trade afterwards , you were rewarded big time . Remember , dead people have better investment returns than the living
Either way makes money , but up from here , is more satisfying than down first then up
If it keeps dropping 3-5 % every day this week , then I pray for an emergency cut .
“ Speculating that ‘ Fed emergency rate cuts are almost certain ’ is speculation , at best . From my experience , when the Fed enacts an emergency rate cut , it often exacerbates market sell-offs , particularly in high-beta stocks like Nvidia . Such a move is typically seen as confirmation that broader systemic adjustments are on the horizon . ”
You sell when everyone and their grandmas start buying and you buy when everyone is saying you should sell now
FED is not going to cut rates sooner than September . Cuts might be . 5 but it will not be sooner .
How is the emergency cut certain ?
August 28th after earnings , Nvidia gonna moon ? ?
Fed emergency cuts ? What are you talking about ? lol .
Complete opposite rate cuts aren't coming
Fed emergency cut's , will cause another price shock .
Your post is unnecessary . Stocks go down and up all the time . Right now it's not recovering its going down .
I dont think rate cuts are short-term good for big tech and definitely emergency cuts wouldn ’ t be taken well by the market
Emergency cuts ? I wont hold my breathe on that one . What makes you say this ?
You're confusing conviction for NVDA vs the broader market for the price of the stock between 1-3 months .
This is the same bro who told you that you lacked conviction at 140 price .
No
I ’ m happy to see we mounted a good defense to $ 100 !
I am hoping for more of a drop honestly . Cost avg is $ 113 and I wanna lower it to like $ 105
I'm convinced FED wants labor markets to feel a bit of pain to get us wage slaves back in order
/ month
There is no need for an emergency cut , it would only induce panic in a basically sound economy .
Your lack of conviction is disgusting
So pissed , woke up at 6 just to watch it hit 92 and not be able to do anything . Got some at 98 tho
Vanguard as your stock broker is the problem fam
My app wasnt fucking letting me buy , i tried at 91 and it was frozen , couldn ’ t get till 98
I ’ m so jealous lmfao . I saw this coming on Friday so I transferred more funds into my brokerage acc but they aren ’ t available till like tomorrow 😡 😡 😡 missed my chance to load up at $ 91 ffs
I had to reboot etrade like 10 times . But got in another 50 shares at 97 . $
Got 75 at 92.00 - happy as well !
And you ’ ll feel really dumb when it goes sub 90 .
How many
Also mega caps don ’ t benefit from rate cuts … so a rate cut wouldn ’ t even benefit NVDA .. these regards need to go to WSB
Same with fidelity app this morning 😫
At the very least , drink the blood 🥤
Japan is cooked 👩‍🍳
switch to tastytrade , no issues all morning
I had no issues with my Fidelity app today . Bought this morning & been watching throughout the day
reddit man , semi ( un ) informed lectures by swarmy nerds is the name of the game
Couldnt do that if the login button was disabled on your brokerage website .
And where is he getting this emergency tax cut shit ? ? Seems people just make up stuff . I wonder how many can read a chart .
Because it is Aug 2024 and it will reach a new ATH this month of $ 160 ... that is how !
I got in NVDA at 120 when I thought it was dipping then , now it's down even further lol . My biggest delimma is whether to invest more in NVDA or VTI . I noticed if NVDA falls VTI does too just not as much . NVDA and most big tech stocks make up the highest contribution of many index funds as well .
not to mention VIX came down a bunch
It went down to 88.xx
Just buy more now ?
Sadly the tools at the disposal of the feds is limited . Rate cuts will bring down inflation while screwing over the labor market . It ’ s a disappointment that ’ s how it goes especially because companies took advantage with their rampant price inflation .
I believe August ’ s jobs numbers that will be reported in September will cause more panic . September ’ s numbers may be worse . My hunch is we bottom out there for the year and then we start the climb back up with the rate drop .
Ya it seems like nobody is hiring and these recruiters are just bullshitting and wasting time . I've had some ask me to send my resume immediately when I would be at work . Then I send it and they would say they hired an internal candidate or the position is on hold . Like , damn why even reach out to me on linkedin then lol .
That sucks . I lucked out with a market buy as it dropped to 91.16 ! I was like wtf ? ! It just said $ 94 lol
It will give you another chance . Why not just have a trigger ?
Switch to Schwab right now today . I can buy / sell equities only instantly after transferring even before they clear
Were less then 30 days from earning it's not going sub 90
Lol sub 90 . In your dream pal !
2500
A lot of news that doesn ’ t affect nvidia has been affecting nvidia . Amd earnings were up and nvidia went up . The market is very volatile right now and reacting to any news .
Minutes ago , I was able to log on . You ?
You sounds like my kind of regard
I had issues with RH and ToS
LOL ... touché .
It would kinda suck to lose the put money , as I was hoping they'd make money and I'd use the profits to buy more . BUT if my account goes back to ATH I won't care about losing that bit . It's like 1 % of things . My next NVDY dividend will cover like 70 % of the potential loss on the puts .
How do rate cuts screw the labor market ? Just curious ? If rates are cut wouldn't that give companies more money which equals more buying power and more money to hire ? Etc ?
Rate cuts make inflation go up .
Rate cuts do not bring down inflation - they do the exact opposite - they stimulate consumer demand This sub man
Yes . Same here . I have a MS degree , 15 years ' experience . Recruiters have job ads I'm completely qualified for . Nothing . 0 . Can't even get a call back . I'm having some serious depression issues and now the market is a piece of shit , along with a hurricane .
It will . Mine are set really low . I ’ ll wait .
I can & did the same thing with Fidelity too
I heard shwab was having a bunch of issues this morning for like an hour , switch to tasty instead and Ill give you a referral code ( tasty was up the whole time no issues )
Do you still get good faith violations on Schwab ? Using fidelity atm and they make me hold stocks for two days before I can sell again … I just wanna day trade like a degenerate
its the market , anything can happen
We know you bought at $ 140
Cap
Any news ? ? not just any news . The most successful trader of all time is sitting on a wad of $ 280BILLION , he ’ s been selling off since may / june . Geopolitical concerns raising with China / Taiwan , Iran , and Israel . This isn ’ t just a Blip . We ’ re actually on the brink of a world war . Not only does this affect Nvda , it will affect everyone .
sounds like a fair trade off
Oh sorry I meant to say the opposite . Not giving in to rate cuts hurts the labor market and dampens inflation while slowing down economic growth . Rate cuts should allow more cash flow for new projects .
Yeah my bad I meant the inverse
I think you mean they stimulate the market , right ?
I feel the same as you . My current job is ok . But , we have so many projects at times and some of the coworkers dont want to help when I ask questions and are toxic . That and the stock market going down . Along with the fact that I notice every job available pays less than my current role from what I see . I'm getting tired of the bs from recruiters on LinkedIn . O almost thought of deleting it because I've never gotten a job from there anyways .
If you get good faith violations , you've likely been selling before your funds cleared and have done so more than once if it invoked a ( probably temporary ) ban from buying before clearing . That's not limited to Fidelity and was likely your own mistake . If you want to day trade , you'll need to make sure to have plenty of funds in your brokerage account so you don't risk good faith violations .
If you use Schwab on a brokerage account with margin , as long as you keep 25k in your account you can day trade unlimited times per day . Plus you get access to Think or Swim which is my fave .
You can say cap all you want I don't care my dude I have nothing to prove to you son
I hear all the time Iran and Israel war but the reality is it ’ s good for the U . S . economy . It means more defense spending which mostly goes to U . S . defense contractors that sent weapons abroad . A war with Taiwan would be a bad thing for the tech market but China would be screwing itself over bad it bombed Taiwan and all the semiconductor plants . It ’ s all war mongering that allows them to negotiate better . Also Warren buffet holding cash is something I hear about all the time . He ’ s diversified in a lot of stocks and it would make sense to sell some off to rotate into something else .
You say that like it's a bad thing .
Would be great to make money on the puts , buy something , then the market reverse but if given the choice : I'd rather lose on the puts and hit ATH rather than go down then up
Yeah , i guess i meant consumption in general : whether private investors , retail investors or consumers it all stimulates it . Everyone would rather spend the money if they get paid less to keep the money in the bank , and at the same time borrowing money is cheaper for corporations etc .
No lots with experience in their field . Long term employees getting laid off even tho running on skeleton crews already . Hiring freezes are in place . This getting worse .
Stfu
I agree , Warren Buffets sell of isn ’ t exactly a BAD thing but it ’ s something to consider . He ’ s been wrong plenty of times before selling out of even a 1500 % gain on MCD to date . However i ’ m naturally biased to a short downtrend since I ’ m holding a small bearish position on SPY .
Blood stocks
No , War is typically good for the economy but we can ’ t predict future movements off past performances . What ’ s bad is TSM will be directly affected by a war between Taiwan n China . so NVDA would definitely get hit too .
that would be ideal eh ?
Ok yeah , makes sense .
I've found this every place I work too that they all run on skeleton crews . No one to ask for help or training on how to do things . If you do ask coworkers don't want to help . No jobs want to promote either , so you have to go to other jobs to get a better salary . Then they wonder why they can't keep anyone , that and toxic interview processes . The linkedin recruiters are a joke too .
Just cause you ’ re poor doesn ’ t mean he is . I had 3,000 shares but sold at 132 .
You poor soul
It all matters but ya ’ ll seem to have missed the downgrades Nvda got today . Price targets reduced . 135-100 . Strong buy rating downgrades . Some to buy , others to hold .
And toxic work places ! ! No body wants that type of position esp when safety is also a factor . These companies always have a high turn over rate . Just places to avoid if possible and to work while looking if not ! Pitiful ! !
[ hot chips program ] ( https://hc2024.hotchips.org/program/ )
Thank you for the article
Ready too see how this will determine a daily 13 percent loss on Monday ! 😂
[ deleted ]
Mag 7 collectively have $ 445B sitting in cash / investments , plenty to fund the infrastructure of the next technology shift .
How does that chart compare to previous quarters ?
None of that matters . The insider ownership is only 4 % . That should tell you a lot . The big money has been selling for about the last 3 to 4 weeks . Look at the volume I keep saying it
So I'm reading yolo Nvidia tomorrow
Then the FED will cut rates and it will drop another 20 % :-)
If there ’ s a general market crash , no . But all this money flowing into NVDA is going to matter , probably sooner than later . Just ride it out whatever happens .
Its going to cause one by dropping another 20-25 %
Thanks for the info . So even if they pour all of it into Nvidia chips , and Nvidia's free cash flow margin is 40 % , it only accounts for $ 178B of market cap , out of the current valuation of $ 2.64 T . Buying more Dec 2026 puts . 🫡
That's the neat thing , it doesn't
How to ride it out bro ? NVDA always follows leveraged QQQ when crush . If tech market is taking another 10 % correction . NVDA gonna follow another 20 % at least
You right . Once cash is spent , there won ’ t be more .
What do you mean ? It ’ s better or worse ?
How do you ride it out ? Your brain is mush . Outside and touch grass .
Well , their cash reserve gives an indication of how much cash they've been able to accumulate . Even if you times my previous calculation by 10 , you're still not able to get to the current valuation for Nvidia . And that is assuming - 1 . Mag 7 will have 10x as much cash as they have today 2 . All of that cash goes purely to Nvidia chips ( which is not practical anyway , because every chip dollar also necessitates lifetime energy and infrastructure costs ) Since you wanna be a wise guy , you can try to calculate how much of the Mag 7 ' s annual profits and current cash reserves need to be spent with Nvidia to justify Nvidia's current valuation . And judge whether that's a plausible scenario .
Nvidia product delay to not impact 2025 earnings , says Goldman Sachs Goldman Sachs keeps a Buy rating on Nvidia with a $ 135 price target after The Information reported over the weekend that the company's next-generation products based on the Blackwell architecture could be delayed by at least three months due to design flaws . While this could drive some volatility in Nvidia's near-term fundamentals , there will be little to no impact on 2025 earnings and , most importantly , the company's long-term competitive position , the analyst tells investors in a research note .
23 days and counting ❤ ️
Atleast some positivity
subscription needed to read the article , copy and paste ?
Fuck Goldman Sachs the real sharks here . They spread panic
Goldman knows nothing .
Thanks for pointing this out . I added it as a reply to the post .
You do realize this was a positive take on the news of a delay ?
" The more you buy , the more you safe " - Jensen Huang
Congrats . I held also . Was down biggly . Edit : Up 270k today .
Everyone is a genius when the market is up .
Market timers get bitc 4slapped …
i recognize that platform , up $ 6k wit ya lol
Don't you just LOVE the color GREEN on your Broker's app ? ✔ ✔ ✔ 😊 ❤
Woohoo ! ! ! Congrats ! ! ! I had a horrible day at work today , so I was so happy to come home and check my portfolio to see that NVDA seems to be back on track to the upside ! !
This didn't age well . I'm long so doesn't matter but yeah lol
I ‘ pissed-off ’ sell
Aged like milk
Up 10k . Should be fully out the red in earnings .
You ’ re my hero ! !
Congratulations ! I ’ ll be there one day I hope .
Up 63k € today 79 % is NVIDIA
so glad i held
Especially when it ’ s been red for so long . 😂
I hope I did not speak too quickly . Now it ’ s sinking fast . It ’ s crazy how volatile the stock is . I guess they are investing it for a monopoly … . Crazy .
I was thinking the same thing … . This stock is so volatile . Maybe Amazon earnings will help .
Hopefully in a year it will . 😂
ER will be amazing .
Haha . Thanks . Made 285 today on paper . Not bad . A new record for me .
NVDA will get you there .
Congrats . I am all in NVDA except for 200k running around money sitting in cash .
I hit like 146k unrealized , new record for a single day for me
I should have bought at the dip but I bought at 115 but that ’ s okay .
That ’ s crazy right , with pre earnings run starting 😌
That's a huge day . Congrats .
Time is on your side . Hopefully . It'll be 150 in no time .
Yeah . The crazy bit is ATH is still a big chunk away . I'm like - 400k from ATH . Not complaining though , it will get there eventually and today's gain was almost my entire portfolio value in December
It ’ s already at 121 . I hope this ages well . 😀
IMO the way back is solidified and we will become a part of history 💎 gang
I'm keeping most , if not all my shares , will use my options money to diversify and make other goals .
This is crazy relevant for any long-term investor . Not only are they making money on outdated tech due to necessity , they are obligating a move to upgrade that tech quite rapidly . This will make them money hand over fist .
Just amazing
[ https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc\_presentations/2024/August/Q2-NVDA-Company-Overview.pdf ] ( https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc_presentations/2024/August/Q2-NVDA-Company-Overview.pdf )
Down to fp4
That ’ s awesome . I will try to hold on for Blackwell . When tf is that happening ? Fml
Hopefully the stock follows the same trajectory 🚀
[ removed ]
the most important part is that it makes it very hard for competition to compete . You can come up with a great competitive idea , but by the time you release it nvidia might be on a new product already . e . g . amd , cerebras .
Methodology isn't the issue , results are .
There is no try , only do . Q4 revenue , " several " $ Bs
They said in the most recent earnings call that Blackwells are made and are shipping out this month .
It's not an issue if they're comparing performance across different floating-point precisions ? Firstly , the performance improvement isn't nearly the same for FP16 . Secondly , many are just going to try extrapolating this graph and come up with expectations that aren't possible because precision cannot be dropped beyond a certain point .
I wouldn ’ t count on any true Blackwell hype until Q4 earnings when they release guidance for next fy Q1
That ’ s badass . I have a margin call on Tuesday . Hopefully it ships by Monday
But they're not comparing FP precision , that's the point . They are comparing time to train the model to a certain quality level . If they can do that with lower precision faster , that's progress - - exactly what the above chart is showing .
> Blackwell hype Just reporting what the CFO said on the call . Several $ Bs is meaningful , \ ~ 10 % of rev for the Q .
That ’ s exactly when I ’ m counting on it lol
I gave you an award to compensate for the fact that the people down-voting you are missing your sarcasm .
Bruh , the graph literally says 19 TFLOPS at FP16 , 20,000 TFLOPS at FP4 etc . and they title the slide as 1000x compute TFLOPS is trillion floating-point operations per second ... Where are you getting the training models to a certain quality level ? ? ? I mean , just read the text in the graph you posted ...
lol yea I was being sarcastic obviously . I know it ’ s not shipping like Amazon prime same day delivery
All you guys panicking over the temporary dip need to chill tf out . If you watched siggraph and witnessed the absolute bromance session between Jensen and Zuck , you know Zuck and most of these other mag 7 ceo ’ s are about to be dropping an unimaginable amount of racks to get the latest and greatest AI models up and running . Jensen and Zuck were laughing about making fuckin cheesesteak sandwiches together at Jensen ’ s mansion . Nvidia about to sell a fuck ton of Blackwell and Rubin and it ’ s not just gonna be Meta at the check out window . Get a hold of yourselves .
In my experience Llamas are near impossible to train . This may be a refection of the trainer though .
I am loadin up
🚀 🚀 🚀 is inevitable no matter what Elizabeth Warren says .
I ’ ve personally found that training 4 llamas instead of 3 is indeed much harder .
Nancy told her to buy . Now she ’ s bashing it to bring down for her entry point . Pro ’ s don ’ t play
I tried training any llama and all i got was spit and kick in the balls
Let me keep this short and sweet : 1 . Nvda will absolutely crush earnings 2 . No one knows how the market will react
That ’ s my read too . They ’ re going to surprise on upside and then hopefully guide higher into next year .
The issue is market wants everything to be perfect . Revenue must beat , earnings must beat and guidance must also beat . Otherwise stock gets dumped . MSFT and AMZN missed by only few millions in multi billion report and got trashed so bad . Same thing can happen to NVDA . Long term is good but short term is uncertain . For NVDA the key information will be blackwell release plans . Also market is not willing to go much higher . META and APPL posted great results but are still below 52 W highs set prior to their results . So it looks like even if NVDA does everything perfect we might see 140 - 150 and not a wild run like last 2 qtrs .
If the trend continues , NVDA revenue will be up on Wednesday earnings report . To the moon and back !
What is your day job ? Because there is literally thousands of people out there that do what you did in your post full time for 10 hours a day . So a lot of people already know this . It's priced in . What people don't know is how the share price will react after this is all made public .
Intresting , what if one of the mag 7 decided to stop buying nvidia gpus ? What would be the impact ?
you do fucking know that it's not going up forever right ? imagine MSFT , META and AMZN coming out and saying , yeah , we will be increasing our capex every year indefinitely to buy more AI chips . There's a peak and it might be next year .
exactly ... especially on point 2 . seems counterintuitive at first until you realize investor sentiment on stocks like these is basically a game of Russian Roulette Either they're high on adrenaline and the thought of exponential gains with each pull ... or they're thinking " if I didn't eat it in this earnings , I definitely will with the next ! In fact now it's \ * more \ * likely " crazy how extreme investor sentiment is , and just how much short-term events are filtered through them
You should replace Jim Cramer on his show lol
140-150 is not enough for you ? Last quarter we had a wild run because of split as well .
It will depend on how big the beat is , plus guidance . Looking forward to seeing it .
Depends on the beat and guidance … NVDA makes their reports simple and clear … so we should know pretty quick once earnings released how good or bad it is . Also , doesnt take 10 hrs to find the numbers … all reports are online . If guidance is NVDA good ( meaning great like normal ) , which is what Id expect right now , then expect a jump in price . Analysts are “ pricing in ” abt 28.5 billion in revenue with abt a 0.64 eps , and yearly eps of 2.10 … nobody pricing in over that yet … it is always too hard to believe until numbers actually released . If they have 32 billion in revenue , with a 57 % profit margin , that is 18.24 billion in profit . Divide that by 24.6 billion in shares and you get 0.74 eps … that gives you 2.20 yearly eps . Trailing PE ratio is typically 75-80 after a big beat with NVDA ( in fact , trailing PE ratio is abt 75 right now based on current 1.71 yearly eps ) . 2.20 x 75 = 165 2.20 x 80 = 176 If 32 billion in revenue , expect a high between 165-176 … that hasnt been priced in yet . Those numbers and guidance gotta be confirmed before it gets priced in . Lows each qtr have trailing PE ratio abt 58-63 so low dip next qtr that comes after we reach the high should be between 127.60 to 138.60 if we get 32 billion revenue . Id look for that if you shorting and beat is really good … but will be some time after mid Sept . ( likely in Oct or early Nov ) . No idea what earnings will say , but Id get out of any short positions before earnings released … I suspect you know that though . Info released by AGMM indicates 31-32 billion in revenue is a possibility this qtr for NVDA .
Apple backed out awhile back … so one already did - but gonna have to watch how Apple does in next year to see if it was a mistake or not . Until another chip company is cutting edge and actually competing with Nvidia , they keep their top end customers I think . So likely not an issue for a couple years at least .
Might be 5 years or maybe 1 year - just have to go earnings to earnings … but yea , eventually the trailing PE will drop to 30-40 ( like the other Mag 7 ) … It already dropped from 114 last year to around 75 this year … so the trailing PE ratio is dropping … just not all at once . As long as they keep getting big beats , the investors who count the beans at the big investment companies reset trailing PE ratio by maybe 5 or so points each quarter up or down , depending on if accelerating or decelerating . With a bad qtr , it could happen all at once … but this likely isnt that qtr .
Buy buy buy
Apple uses NVIDIA GPUs for training internally through AWS ( they also use TPUs / GCP ) . It's not binary .
P / E ratio = price / earnings per share . At yesterday's close it was $ 126.73 / $ 1.71 = 74x . Now , to pick a MAG 7 closest to trade price let's look at , GOOG : $ 167.93 / $ 6.97 = 24x . Now let's pretend Nvidia has the same EPS as GOOG : $ 126.73 / $ 6.97 = 18x Does they help you see how a declining P / E ratio is a good thing ? That the company is making more per share at the price the market is willing to pay ? When people come in and say Nvidia is overvalued , this is what they're talking about . No one should be paying more than $ 95 / share , and even that's a stretch . ETA : there is such a thing as too low of a P / E ratio if combined with other qualitative and quantitative factors that make a company look like it's not doing great .
Not true when NVDA is growing so fast . Google income up 21 % over last 4 qtrs . Last qtr and this qtr was pretty close to same for Google . Nvda , on the other hand , has income up over 140 % in last 4 qtrs and still growing every qtr at as high or higher rate of increase in a quarter than Google has in a year . At NVDA ’ s rate of growth , its income will surpass Google ’ s by Feb ( 6 months ) . Like it or not , people pay more for a fast growing company than one not growing as fast … especially when the numbers show it will be making more profit than the other company in 6 months , and likely continue to grow that income gap over the next few years . Any analyst will tell you the growth gives a higher PE ratio ( multiple ) . When growth slows , the PE will come down . Regardless of how smart you think you are , the market isnt stupid . They look at earnings , and they pay what they think is justified . Higher growth = higher multiple .
Yes , they are growing fast and that does make a difference . But at 74x ? To justify this they would need to continue their current growth and hope that there's no significant competition . As an example : I was watching CNBC a few weeks ago and a dude was asked straight up " how does Nvidia make their clients money . His answer , which is the correct one ( and he was speaking in support of Nvidia ) is that their clients ' customers need to invest in their client's AI ( or other computing services ) to make their purchases from Nvidia worth it . With their growth in market concentration , that is a next level growing beta ratio for the next 5 years . Meanwhile , MSFT , AAPL , et al will be building their AI in house ( because they know not to put all their eggs in one basket and in the long run it will be cheaper for them than buying from a 3rd party ) and Nvidia's earnings will steadily decline until they reach a steady pace in the AI market . Are they innovative and killing it against their competitors ? Of course . Will the equivalent of the iPhone taking MSFTs market cap share be likely ? Absolutely . So invest now but make profits when you can . Holding forever is like saying you should never sell Intel .
Just as an example , their yearly PE ratio is 1.71 right now . One year ago , their price was 46.02 per share … if using analyst ’ s forecast yearly EPS of 2.10 for tomorrow , that is a PE ratio of 22 based on price one year ago - havent looked up what the forward PE ratio was last August , but I bet reality beat the forward forecast by a wide margin - especially considering the trailing PE ratio last August was 114 . NVDAs growth is crazy , but it is what it is … until it isnt . Edit : Looked it up , the 12 month forward PE ratio in Aug 2023 was 33 … in reality looks like it should have been 22 ( 50 % better than forecast ) … meaning they had 50 % higher profit than was forecast a year ago . What are you supposed to do , they keep outperforming even insane predictions .
These ratings from brokerages are the least useful metrics in existence . I have observed absolutely no correlation between them and future performance of securities in the 15 years I've been trading on Schwab .
I long for those times again because what a DIP that was . I want more shit talking about NVDA on Reddit as that ’ s my sign to BUY MOREEEEE
Love it ! ! ! Way better than “ Should I buy ? ” , “ Should I sell ? ” , “ What ’ s going to happen with the price in the next week ? ” etc . etc .
NVDA going to $ 0 , over-hyped bubble stock . * < fervently watches ticker tape waiting for a discount > *
It worked !
NVDA spokesperson responded to Barrons “ As we ’ ve stated before , Hopper demand is very strong , ” said a spokesperson . “ Broad Blackwell sampling has started , and production is on track to ramp in 2H . Beyond that , we don ’ t comment on rumors . ”
The person that floated the rumor was a nameless Microsoft Employee . I have no hard evidence , but I think I figured out what's going on . Because when politicians are involved , something ALWAYS is , and from what I'm seeing this makes the most sense . When a stock is added to the DJIA , it's weighted based on current price . Well , Intel is about to get their walking papers . NVDA might be our newest DJIA component . But if it GOES IN lower , it will carry more weight . So when earnings come out on 8/ 28 , and it shoots up , so shall the Dow . I can't think of anything else that would better explain this obvious and becoming ridiculous slander campaign . Because everything being said doesn't actually say anything . That's how you beat a company down that you eventually want to rise . Like I said I don't have any hard evidence . But I sure as hell can smell bullshit , and these articles seem to be nothing but .
NVDA should come out on Monday to set it straight one way or another !
NVIDIA is now included with Apple in the endless doom and gloom financial media cycle . Any long term holders should just get used to this . Algo trading is fueled by this garbage .
There is NO delay ! !
I cannot impress upon you enough that there is no delay .
I will suck hard on this hopium
Even if they burn down … who else are you going to order Blackwell from ? Even China invades , we still need Blackwell . If you trip and fall , you still NEED Blackwell . 😇
Holy shit . So tired of hearing about this . Shut the fuck up already . It is what it is .
Gonna buy puts whatsoever
First delay . Clearly Leather Jacket is planning on a Bezos exit and leave this falling company to some lower rung flunky
Barron's basically said it was a rumor from a rogue MS employee
Sadly I think most shareholders will only focus on the possibility of it being true , and continue to sell off . It's definitely going to be an interesting day for the market . I'm hoping to buy more below 90 .
[ https://x.com/dylan522p/status/1819693289689198800 ] ( https://x.com/dylan522p/status/1819693289689198800 ) Its a COWOS-L ramp issue at TSMC . This is not a rumor anymore IMO , this is confirmation . I still think they will have very healthy sales of B100 / 200 in the 1H 2025 and will be shipping lower volume in Q4 2024 . but it is clear that the bulk of the orders will not hit until 2H 2025 . honestly for Nvidia longs though ? I'm not sure this matters ? so who cares ? The only " competition " is AMD who doesn't even have the volume ( or demand ? ) to impact nvidia's revenue or margin numbers in any meaningful way . . . So they will sell more H100 / 200 instead of blackwell . . . . who cares ? no doubt though the market will react .
I am inclined to agree - something is definitely fishy lately . Will check back here after earnings later this month to see if our intuition was correct . Remindme ! 1 month
I understand there is money to be gained through manipulating the markets through news articles , but do we actually believe this is done regularly and is successful ? Or is it just a natural occurrence . And for what it ’ s worth , everything you said makes sense . Not to mention firms who benefit from shorting or anyone else wanting to buy Nvidia cheap
Agreed . But they literally did on Saturday
You think the CEO of the hottest company in the world right now is about to quit and go sailing ? lol
No way in hell
this doesn't prove anything ...
" It's a ... " I'm not sure about the reliability of all this crap , better to remain skeptic
Until Nvidia cops to it , based on everything else that's going on I'm still calling bullshit . If it were an isolated issue maybe , but they jumped the shark with this charade . The anti-trust probe , now design flaws based on an " unnamed source " at Microsoft , etc . Rise up and look at the whole thing . They started going after AI in general at the exact same time as well . Coincidences like that just don't happen without help .
> The only " competition " is AMD who doesn't even have the volume ( or demand ? ) to impact nvidia's revenue or margin numbers in any meaningful way Q1 results for AMD showed an 80 % YoY increase for data center revenue , and Q2 results show enterprise revenue up 115 % YoY with a third attributed to MI300 sales . They are seeing " stronger-than-expected demand for Instinct chips " and keep revising projections up . In Q1 they said data center revenues would be $ 1.34 billion . That was revised to $ 2.8 , and now they are $ 4.5 for full-year data center GPU revenue ( $ 500 million higher than the guidance it issued in April ) . That 115 % jump in AMD's DC revenue compares well to NVIDIA's 59 % increase from Q4 / 2023 to Q2 / 2024 . I think that's a pretty clear indication of high demand and a number of high profile customers have announced orders ( HPE , Dell , Oracle , Microsoft , Amazon , Meta ) . Significant because especially those last three are NVIDIA's biggest customers accounting for roughly a quarter of their revenue . AMD arguably has a better part at a lower cost which was already attracting attention and generating significant sales . If NVIDIA indeed does have a delay they will still retain a sizable lead but it's just going to allow AMD more room to catch up .
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [ * * 2024-09- 04 20:36 : 30 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-09-04%2020:36:30%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ek47ez/why_the_rumored_delay_of_nvidias_blackwell_gpus/lgi8d49/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1ek47ez%2Fwhy_the_rumored_delay_of_nvidias_blackwell_gpus%2Flgi8d49%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-09-04%2020%3A36%3A30%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201ek47ez ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
He just cashed out like a billion worth of stock . Anti trust on his ass , Blackwell sucks and AMD will catch AND pass him . I ’ d cash out . He was signing breasts this year . He ’ s a total coke and whores guy .
Is longs love buying the fear
I own equal share amounts of NVDA , AMD , and AVGO for this reason .
AMD has a total data center revenue of $ 2.8 b with CPU + GPU . Nvidia had such revenue 3 years ago per quarter with GPU only and long before the AI boom . The growth values are from a very small base . Nvidia had larger growth percentage from a multiple higher base . The clear indication is that 50 % and more of CSP market isn't interested in AMD . Amazon and Google offer non and MS / Oracle only very little in a few areas .
Remind me ! 1 month
> He just cashed out like a billion worth of stock . Do you know how much stock he has left ? > Anti trust on his ass What does that mean ? What is going to happen with the antitrust investigation and when ? > Blackwell sucks ? ? ? > AMD will catch AND pass him . I ’ d cash out . LOL , I see you .
> AMD has a total data center revenue of $ 2.8 b with CPU + GPU . Nvidia had such revenue 3 years ago per quarter with GPU only and long before the AI boom . NVIDIA's datacenter revenue three years ago was not from GPUs alone . They own a networking company ( Mellanox ) and sell DGX servers which accounted for a sizable portion . It's not as diverse as AMD's offerings but they are trying to change that . > The growth values are from a very small base We are no longer talking about a small base when we get to sales in excess of $ 1 billion per quarter . > Nvidia had larger growth percentage * * * Had * * * . > The clear indication is that 50 % and more of CSP market isn't interested in AMD 50 % would be an extreme jump over the few percent they had a couple of years ago . I guess those supercomputer wins really worked . AMD had almost no large scale customers two years ago and today are making big sales to NVIDIA's top customers . Fact is the market doesn't like NVIDIA's anti-competitive practices or their high markups and are looking for alternatives . AMD is providing that at better value and people are taking notice . Those with big money still want to do away with the middlemen though . Google , Meta , Amazon , all working on in-house silicon and that's going to hurt NVIDIA more than it hurts AMD .
Under $ 100 this week . He got a one time lead and now it ’ s over . Enjoy your losses !
THIS . This is vip info , AMD is doing this right out in the open , were all seeing it and most dont believe what they're seeing . I think it's the power of NVDA over past couple yrs the have people so blind , also a lot of peeps are the believe it when they see it type . Nothin wrong with that but they miss out on investments with that mindset , again , nothing wrong with that just pointing out the mental aspect of trading / investing here . I love this job and the investors and the mental part of it and ... and there we go ... im regarded ! I knew it ! !
I mean yeah , it can definitely go under $ 100 ... So what ? You're a clown if you think Nvidia topped out for good .
For the newbies , if you are truly long-term you don't need stop losses .
That ’ s why it is better not to use stop loss . If you are confident about a stock just watch manually or get out .
Never used stop losses in my life . Been in the market since 1990 .
What platform triggers on after hours activity ?
I never use stop losses for this reason , the MMs can see those orders . If anything make a mental stop loss for yourself
Stop loss does not work after hours
One man ’ s stop loss is another man ’ s panic sell . I got burned like that once . I don ’ t use them now but then I don ’ t do gamble plays now either . I sometimes think the big money is just using sharpe drops and recoveries to shake out retail stop losses and pick up cheap shares .
Bro I undeetaand your pain . I was battling with my mind if I should sell when it was at 116 the other day as I was feeling very bearish and thought we would see another 106 or less day . Instead my stupid ass kept it and the automatic wtop loss of the instrument I bought triggered at 102 . I wish I listened to myself and my own DD instead of reading WSB and this thread . Lesson learned and I will stop for a while to lick my wounds and come back in a few months . Sometimes when you truly believe in something . It is better to just make the " play " and then delete the apps you use to check the market until a specific day . No mortal man can sit and watch candles go up and down without being emotional .
I had a limit buy at 100
Yeah I learned my lesson with stop loss earlier in year with Nvidia . I had it at 800 when it was 850 and it dropped for a min of two under 800 . 🤦‍♂ ️ I bought back in like 806 I believe . No more stop loss for stocks I want to hold . I still am in the green regardless but that was something I don ’ t want to repeat .
Bullish and stop loss , a bit hypocritical Id say .
If you invested 4 years ago , wth did you set a stop loss @ $ 100 ? That doesn ’ t make any sense .
If you don ’ t want to sell , don ’ t have a stop loss . How many times do I have to tell this group . STOP LOSS ORDERS ARE VISIBLE TO THE MARKET .
SL in AH ? Who allows stop loss triggering in AH ?
I got burned on a stop loss once when a stock ( Nvidia ) gapped down before open . Never again .
You made more money compared to the people saying SToP LosS bAD . U winning bro .
Well I guess you ’ re back in the stock . But honestly it has only pulled back 20 % from its tie of $ 140 split adjusted . I would fully expect more pain for NVDA . It ’ s only natural after a stock goes up 1500 % that there ’ s gonna be a profit taking . It ’ s the big money that is bailing out . Mutual funds , hedge funds and so forth . Look at the volume it ’ s massive
Never place a stop loss . The market makers can see it on the books and execute it . It ’ s all BS .
Same here
Thanks for sharing your story . We will never know which way the stock will go . If we do , we wouldn ’ t be here . Live and learn . For me , I keep my stock investment very very simple . I don ’ t use margins , options and trade manually . I do set up sell and buy limit orders . That ’ s about it
You must have the patience of a saint if you ’ re going to invest in stocks . Otherwise just put your money into a fund .
[ deleted ]
That's how it works
Those two events are connected , believe it or not
Im so glad i deleted my app last week and just holding .
That ’ s why for this stock , I don ’ t set a stop loss . I ’ m a long horizon investor . No shorting either . Just hold the bag and DCA
Get it back later by buying and holding forever
if you bought 4 years ago , how can a stop loss be at $ 100 ? you should have a huge gain ?
Stop loss going into Covid sure would have helped
Every 3-6 months this correction happens . I ’ m pretty sure you can make over the 12 shares you lost . Keeping your mind busy off small losses will prep you to make bigger gains . ( I tell myself when I lose a little due to mis-steps like this . ) would make you think fresh and positive . You lost nothing . Smart of you to get back in .
Your conclusion that you shouldn ’ t have sold based on a large one day gain is no more reasonable than deciding to sell based on a large one day loss .
I like the stock
Another stop loss is underway
what is a stop loss ?
Well today it's back to those prices .
You know the other side can see your stop loss . I had a similar situation where they pushed it below my stop loss for a second , and then the stock went on a tear . I should have never had a stop loss to begin with . Lost a ton of upside . Never again .
Im up $ 1k today 😂 😂 😂 sucks to suck . Jk that ’ s actually sad .
This is the post right here ⬆ ️
You don ’ t even need to watch the numbers
Don't listen to this shit advice . Always have stop losses no matter what . Nothing is ever guaranteed and you should always have an exit plan .
Yeah , some people swear by stop loss as it makes sense when the stock is going down . But I never use it . Have set buy and sell limit orders though .
That ’ s terrible advice … You can ’ t track your stocks 24/7 and stop loss protects your investments . Also every one of your investments should have an entry and exit strategy . Then that strategy should be updated based on risk tolerance or profit taking goals . Note that just a simplified answer . Regardless , AMD could have shit the bed and the stock could have dropped to $ 90 or whatever . Then OP would be on the subs stating they ’ re super happy they put in a stop loss vs losing 10 % more on their investment . Also NVDA stock has crashed before and it ’ ll eventually happen again . See 2021 to 2022 as example . OP problem is they ’ re an emotional investor . I ’ m not sure when some would have about 4 years ago and then decide to sell all of the sudden . Guess they read too many articles / posts the stock was falling to $ 90 or even lower and sounds like they ’ re trying to beat the dip and then ride the wave back up .
I'm curious about this as well . I thought GTC orders didn't execute in extended-hours trading , but I guess there's a broker out there that does things differently .
Stop orders will only trigger during the standard market session , 9:30 a . m . to 4 p . m . ET . Stop orders will not execute during extended-hours sessions , such as pre-market or after-hours sessions .
He never played Pac-Man before ? MM are those guys chasing you around don ’ t you know .
Isn't there brokers that has option to enable outside RTH ? Ie ibkr
Did it execute ? I was going to set one that day and forgot to .
Yes , I suffer from cognitive dissonance . My angels keep battling on my shoulders .
Honestly newbie stupidity . I got nervous with geopolitics and my angle / devil battles . I really should have listened to my gut and cancelled . * Note , I invested 4 years ago , then got busy with other life priorities . I started paying attention again in Feb this year .
No they're not man . Limit orders are visible . Stops are not publicly visible
Sadly , I didn't hear you the first time . I had to feel the pain to learn it .
They literally can't though
I actually had it at 101 . :( live and learn .
also , stop loss will execute after marker close ?
Yes , overall I'm up by a good % but that's not my point . I had a stop loss ( my emotional , newbie mistake ) and it taught me a hard lesson . Yeah , in the grand scheme of things , this won't matter . But in the short term , I kicked myself .
I invoked my manual stop loss .
And that is lesson # 2 .
Also known as a butt plug .
💎 🤲🏼
Yes this . This is good advice if you are a long-term holder , and you believe in the company .
Stop loss at $ 1 it is
If you stick to the first rule of investing you wouldn't really need stop-losses . Never invest any amount that you can't afford to lose .
And then you fall into traps like OP
What's an exit plan ?
Stop loss is for active trader . Especially important if you are on margin or even with option . Pointless if you are a long term holder holding just shares .
All true . My issue is I'm too emotional . I just need to separate my logic from emotions .
Now now , you know people on Reddit hate it when you speaks facts .
You can tell there's a lot of new investors on this sub by all the downvotes
I had a feeling it wouldnt go that low by end of trading day , so I canceled the trade and instead DCA ’ d 150 shares at 107 , then another 150 shares at 105 . As of now thats $ 4,500 profit , but gonna hold till after earnings at least … 🤓
I can afford to be homeless so should I sell my house and buy all in ?
this
you're proving my point . the whole point of a stop loss is to set a hard limit on how much you're willing to lose . You invest an amount that you have available to invest that can possibly bring a return , but then establish how much of that amount you're willing to lose .
That's like saying if I played one more hand of blackjack I would be up again
This . Stop losses are for traders not long term investors . Someone who is actually long term will just be selling their stock at the bottom on a stop loss half the time .
Absolutely
I have PTSD from reading the horror stories from over in the SCMI stock group ... which dumped like 60 % and now there's talk about fraud investigations and delisting One guy realized a 275k loss from a FOMO YOLO Let's all have a moment of silence for them
Meant to include “ and dumped your $ 10k life saving into Nvidia … ”
Just wait a couple weeks or after September ends , it ’ ll be back up to $ 130 easy
It ’ s a good lesson on how fickle the market is . And how it is built to buy on rumors and sell the news , especially if the news is good but not great .
Insert " Welcome to the party Pal " meme here *
The best time though would be a month ago .
Thanks \ ~
What dream though , to get rich quick ?
I'd load up on OXY , the stock and opioid . Tech is going into hibernation after it's 2 - year bull market .
Yea that is rough . I was looking into the stock as a dip buy at $ 900 ( targets of $ 1250 - $ 1500 ) and then one video and one comment on a post warned me off - despite everything else being super bullish about the company . Since then it has tanked , down 60 % . After I made my decision to not invest , I found this channel doing technical analysis and the guy has been pretty damn accurate , and when it was still around $ 800 his charts showed it going down to under $ 300 , which is is quickly heading towards .
I'd be sick to my stomach . I also have no clue how I missed all of that
Good lesson to learn and unfortunately for you it didn't go to zero so you could truly feel the sting . Don't dump your life savings into one stock .
Buy Land ... with a running water source .
Definitely , probably sooner . September is usually rough , but this is an unusual year . See what happens when the Hampton vacationers return ..
who is the guy if i May ask
Small YouTuber called Hedgeline Trading . He does it purely on the charts and is happy to go short or long ( i . e . isn't a perma bull or perma bear ) . Also seems like a pretty humble guy , not trying to blow his own trumpet .
I ’ ve found Erik from Outlier Trading / ESInvests on YouTube to be similar . Mostly an options trader but has a lot of great general analysis . Very objective and humble .
Yup I have watch him but he is pretty much limited to options and i don't trade options so don't watch him a lot .
I ’ ll give Hedgeline a shot . Cheers !
Fk I thought today would've been another dip ... I only bought with half my money yesterday and today wanted to buy some other shares if it would've hit 115-120
But what does Deisel Cock have to say about this ?
Dont try to time the market just buy
Should have read dieselcock's post
He doesn't predict earnings .
Did that and bought at 140 smh
I didn't want to time it , that's why I already bought yesterday , just thought it could go even lower today , nvm , it's good
I did , he said it would've dip even more today a little bit , but it didn't
I don't think you read it
It often amazes me to see so many individual retail investors try to engage in technical analysis and short term trading when it's increasingly harder for individuals to successfully trade short term and increasingly easier to invest long term . Whatever edge or technical analysis you think you discovered , " smart money " already knows , knows a lot more , and have the means and ability to execute it with far greater speed , discipline , and precision than you . On the contrary , smart money do not have the benefit of allowing static boring winning portfolio to continue growing unmolested . People are out there crawling through broken glass in search of a 20 dollar bill when there's a 10 dollar bill waiting on a table next to them . It's mind boggling .
100 % true but very few people are aware of these phases . It ’ s all driven by institutional volume
If you trade with margin you should have a lot of cash on your broker account that would prevent a margin call , based on the range like somewhere between - 10 to - 15 %
good post , solid content . thanks .
Welp the method worked on me .. I panic sold shortly after the dip begin , I did actually , for a split second think : wait who ’ s buying this ? ? Now makes sense
Funny post … Moral of the story is don ’ t be a greedy fuck and trade on a leverage account if you don ’ t know how to manage your portfolio for unexpected risks or keep enough capital to cover a margin call . Folks need to pull up their tighty whities and act like an adult who responsible for THEIR decisions . Also most stocks / NVDA have a maintenance requirement of only 30 % unless you over leverage on a stock so simple answer , don ’ t lose more than 20 % of your portfolio . Also it ’ s not hard to trade on a cash account either … Do that , problem solved !
I asked my broker about Wyckoff He said he prefers assistance to rub one out
So basically Markdown period is here ! Yay !
When you start seeing posts " should I sell now and wait ? " That's when you know to buy .
Well put … thx .
Damn that's wise . Open a private fund with me .
I use margin on my trading account , yesterday if Schwab wasn't so busy with their other problems , I wonder if I would have been called . I made some money ready to move in if I needed to , but just sat tight for the day waiting . Today is a much different story , selling calls to generate cash is much more preferred .
Or over ...
More like correction period
Luckily I have NVDA on NQ and TDG it saved me from margin call . But I am derisking towards QQQ a bit , still risky but no 15 % movement . Yes they Are probably understaffed for these events .
I bought near the top
This guy charts and shitz
i feel attacked
Actually or the average noob there would be no more journey after the ‘ Damn ’ point as they would already have panic sold . Or they may buy it back at the ‘ Com ’ on Baby ’ point and sold again at the ‘ WTF Bruh ’ .
This has me LMAO . Thanks for the giggle . 😂
Youre looking at 8 weeks of data . Come back in three years .
Lol this meme
I made that mistake as well . Bulk was 1140 ( pre-split ) , but bought 125-135 to get to 100 shares ( ouch ! ) . If it's under 122 , I'm in the red . At least I can sell covered calls to bring down my expense ratio . I've learned a lot in 3 months thanks to this investment . That's well worth the turmoil . As a programmer , I know first hand the power of AI . Things might be choppy for us right now , but the future looks bright .
This is so me , was putting money into " safe " ETF's like VOO and QQQ then i was like nahhh fuck it , I don't want measly 10 % returns , I want 50 % ! And here we are lol
Just about everybody is red now . It will change to green and I hope soon . Hang in there .
Everybody bought after June *
At this point anyone reporting impacts NVDA lol
SMCI earnings are actually really great for NVDA . They guided up on their revenue by a lot but guided down on EPS and margins . It means NVDA ( their main customer ) is not only going to have a blowout earnings but also blowout margins . Jensen is clearly able to suppress its supplier margins . Same story as DELL ( their competitors )
Actually its a good sign for NVDA , SMCI revenues are up which means more of nvdia products are sold at greedy price NVDA is going to be a winner this month . Actually even much better for nvidia because SMCI are selling their products to them for cheaper price . As EPS were low , this may mean more profits for SMCI customers which NVDA is tied to . SMCI just needs to put more premium into their products they will make a turn . SMCI seems like false panic ; it will make a rebound
NVDA IS FINE . There's ONE issue and that's with Blackwell production and that's not even an issue yet . The Dot Com shit , not similar . The " cyclical " nature , it's a long fucking cycle we're entering . The only earnings reports that matter matter in relation to how much is NVDA selling . GOOGL , MSFT , AMZN , META , all ordering more . TSM , they're making more . NVDA is rolling along with a lot of volatility before earnings and then it'll shoot up after earnings .
[ deleted ]
We'll see what the guidance comes in at . They are projecting a huge jump in sales for next quarter so lets see .
It might impact it temporarily , but people need to remember NVDA earnings come out towards the end of August , so they will control the narrative based on performance .
not really . SCMI had horrible earnings last quarter and the stock fell like 20 % . That didnt effect NVDA absolutely crushing earnings . It did however send Nvidia stock down in the short term down to 750 range , but we all know what happened after that .
Looks like positive earnings and demand tho .. reading Yahoo .
Smci revenue is fine . Sales projected good Profitably down . Probably because they are actually investing to capitalize on their opportunity Forward 15 p / s Perfect time to buy Nvidia . If anything this cements that everyone is still buying
SCMI on Blackwell delay ( 41:08 mark ): " How much we don't exactly know . Because new technology always , what , can be pushed out , right ? So ... for Q4 , I mean December Quarter , I guess will be very small . Err .. engineering sample , small volume . So the really volume I believe has to be March Quarter next year . " * * Rumour has not only been confirmed but Blackwell will have to go through " engineering samples " again . * *
I ’ m just going to keep buying the dips baby
Man , NVDA spiked from $ 104 --> $ 108 + and then gave it all back .
Overall the earnings call for SMCI is good news for nvda showing AI is in demand with growth continuing but man is it really hard to be a bull right now through all this selling pressure 🥲
It isn ’ t a bad earnings report I ’ m worried about . It ’ s light guidance of the sort that killed AMD last ER .
You do nor understand that correctly . It's falling on the split announcement and the EPS miss . Revenue was a massive beat , this means they've build a lot of boxes that will be filled with lots of chips , among them will ne NVDA
The expected EPS has unusually high , at double of what they did last quarter . So they missed on that , pretty badly . I think it's bullish for NVDA because SMCI gave very good revenue guidance for next quarter and that's what matters as far as NVDA is concerned .
Depends who you talk to . I have observed that as it went up AH so did Nvdia as much as 4 % . Dell , TSM , AVGO etc were all shooting up but now it ’ s all red AH . So the best thing for Nvdia is on the call they say they need a bunch of stuff and the demand is so overwhelming they can ’ t keep pace
Analysts on the earnings call questioned SCMI on the impact of Blackwell ’ s delays … as per SCMI , the revenue on this will come in only by 2025 .. that would mean the guidance of NVDA in their call wouldn ’ t show Blackwell revenue too … ! ! Hopefully they have something else to make up
Nvidia is giving up some of today ’ s gains in the aftermarket just as Broadcom and Palantir are . This market is really a rollercoaster right now It ’ s like up big one day and a reversal the next
Just another scratch in the teflon .
No this isn't what's happening
AI is not a raising tide . AI is only raising select ships : NVDA . Until NVDA moat starts getting smaller , the HPQ and Dells of the world will be clamoring to capture market share in competition with SMCI . HPQ , Dell , and HPQ will compete for the same AI customers .
Earnings are just a gamble . Plenty of stocks have gone down on nothing but good news earnings . Buy long term and hold . Gambling on earnings is how you end like Intel grandchild .
Nope … wrong conclusion . NVDA going up soon as market opens , and probly all day .
SMCI has been a roller coaster ride for months . I bought and sold twice and staying out of it for now . Might load up on some before September 30th split deadline if it is in another dip phase , a week or two prior .
AMD had good earnings and NVDA went up so .. yea . This isn't isolated to NVDA .. calm down , don't start calling the SEC about the mANiPuLaTIOn . If you look at other stocks in other sectors .. say the banks for example .. when one has good / bad earnings it usually affects others as well .
No , it's Japanese investors liquidating to deleverage themselves and act more responsibly to avoid total liquidation , and also recession markers .
Yay second sale on nvda !
SMCI really has nothing to do with NVDA but jackasses think it does . They build awful x86 servers . Some of which include NVDA GPUs . They are no different than Dell or HP .
Hopium Nvidia to 0
So if I understand this right , you're going to post the same thing in every nvda community huh ?
Guys ... stop buying Nvidia , you are providing exit liquidity for people that have held the stock since it was 100 to 1000x lower ... it doesn't matter to them at all if it's 105 , 120 , or 140 . They have made millions either way . Now is not the time to be buying Nvidia as a large % of your total holdings , especially if you don't have much money to begin with .
Anything can ?
They taking profits after losing a lot from yesterday correction
[ deleted ]
More seriously , at some point a company reaches a point of such expectations they cant really deliver , or increase them . NVDA would be the poster child .
I'd love to hear this thesis explained a little more clearly for the economically challenged . That's me . I'm the economically challenged .
SMCI is not a supplier for Nvidia , they are a distributor ...
I get that but why is Nvidia and a good chunk of other stocks - including AMD , Broadcom , and Palantir - down by over 1 % in the aftermarket ?
Dell can't make enough servers so they are laying off 12,000 people . That's gotta suck for everyone not making servers .
You can't just dismiss it's a bubble just because you don't like the truth
All of them are at capacity and can't crank out more supply I feel this is a problem AMD could exploit but even then , 2 companies control all the chips . Intel is not even in the conversation . NVDA has a good 2 years to take advantage of this before they even have to worry about it .
Who is ? NVDA or SMCI ? Because ... NVDA's huge jump in earnings is being pushed back from Q3 to Q4 . Blackwell delayed ... SMCI had impressive forward guidance though .
Exactly , they have been gearing up , investing capital to Meet demand and that is what we are seeing now in decreasing profitability . Now , it is looking like A pretty good deal
[ deleted ]
Try going outside more . I'm not even joking . It's idiotic to look at intraday trading as if it were a crystal ball . Try zooming out and going outside .
Now is not the time ? Then when is ? The company reports earnings coming up , Nvidia is supplying the AI revolution , and Palantir had great earnings yesterday We can ’ t just do a fire sale every two or five days
The truth is down voted here
was wondering how they more or less hit on revenue but missed so bad on earnings .
They have a lot of revenue , meaning they have a lot of demand . This is good for nvidia . They have low margins , meaning they pay their suppliers a lot . This is good for their suppliers , meaning this is good for nvidia .
SMCI beat revenue but underperformed badly on profit . Now SMCI's higher than estimated revenue is a positive signal of Nvidia's revenue . SMCI's lower than estimated profit indicates that the high profit margin enjoyed by Nvidia is likely not getting passed on to their datacenter partners like SMCI and Dell ( which isn't difficult to understand because no one among SMCI , Dell , or HPE provides something clearly worth paying much more for compared to the other two ) . At the same time , no one on the planet thinks Nvidia is going to have a bad earnings report . But this is another in the long line of evidence that indicates that Nvidia's earnings will be good . What that means for the short term stock price is still highly speculative though , so make of it what you will . And I say that as a staunch long term Nvidia bull .
Basically , SMCI is expecting more revenue due to higher sales volume , however it will experience a smaller profit margin from each sale . They are saying that Nvidia has such dominance over it ’ s suppliers they can charge whatever they want which in turn helps Nvidia ’ s margins . In the short term though this means less opportunity for earnings growth for SMCI and it ’ s competitors . TLDR : Jensen can put his dick on the table and people will still shake his hand afterwards .
pretty simple , if SMCI reports larger sales but lower margins , that means moving a lot of NVDA shit , but making less money on each sale ... which NVDA is keeping to themselves .
“ Of course I know him , he ’ s me . ” - Obi Wan
Me too
Feces or thesis Both rhyme
Because this place is a circle jerk of bagholders that are making up stories to make Nvidia look good as the ai bubble is bursting
Panic / rotating out of ai stocks / bubble burst ?
You're right . I dismissed it based on the facts . You're just saying effectively , ' yeah-huh . ' I just went into some detail as to why it's not . But goddamn , if you think it's a " bubble , " then ... sell , don't buy , I don't care . 1000 shares in 2020 . Do the math on that . That was at 48 a share THEN . 1500 shares this past year . 488 , 688 , 770 . I've done plenty of research . If I thought this was a " bubble , " I'd sell the 40,000 shares I own from 2020 and spread them out a little more . The only issue NVDA is facing is the bottleneck at TSM not allowing them to meet demand and a potential 90 day delay in Blackwell .
Someone got in at $ 140
If you zoom out you would see it's a bubble bursting sooo
Warren has just created a massive cash pile , do you see him piling into Nvidia at this price and after the run up it's had ?
We can but try
All the news were amazing , what are you talking about ?
SCMI supplies materials to nvidia no ?
I think it does not mean they pay the suppliers a lot , but instead pay a lot for labor to install the stuff . Now if you mean the suppliers of the racks and cooling stuff then sure , ultimately though there is no difference between SMCI and their competitors . Since they are a commodity that ’ s really what ’ s hiring them as the market will drive down install costs to razor thin margins over time
Thanks
Does any of this imply anything about MU ?
When will these idiots get off the Elon alter and start building companies like this guy - fucking corporate god king of strategy .
Nah , the afterhour movement of tech / AI stocks tracked SMCI movement pretty closely . People are just skittish about anything AI / tech right now . It's a particularly bad time to trade in the short term for these stocks because a lot of people's attitude is that of waiting for the other shoe to drop .
It ’ s not an AI bubble - AI is the next big thing . AMD and Palantir both had great earnings It ’ s not a bubble - this is an overreaction sale because AI is the future
IMFO two kinds calling this a bubble , the salty ones not participating in this party and the ones trying to push prices down . This is a freaking GOLD RUSH , with true , tangible , " look at my blinks and cry " results , both from picks and shovels as well as prospectors , Meta and Palantir are already showing strong results , not everyone is going to find the right spots to dig and the narrative will be bumpy , nature of the game .
I bought at 138 and have worked my avg all the way down to 116 . Proud of myself .
Maybe you're right .
" The margin of the miss was 23 % , as adjusted EPS of $ 6.25 was below the FactSet consensus of $ 8.12 . That marked the biggest miss in at least five years , based on available FactSet data . "
No SCMI is a customer to nvidia . They are equivalent to a DELL / HP / Lenovo who buys components and puts together full systems of servers and PCs .
Nah
I ’ m so over exposed on MU 🥺 🥺 🥺
lol MU said they aren't gonna have any growth for 1 year . I really should have sold that a long time ago .
[ deleted ]
AI can be the future AND this can be a bubble . Those two things are not mutually exclusive . So far , big corps are experimenting with GenAI POCs . This is why Palantir went out of their way to say they were deploying production solutions . 99 % of end users are barely dipping their toe in the water ; meanwhile , the market is pulling forward $ 600B is presumed earnings ( Goldman ) . Is that $ 600B the next 2 years of returns ... or the next 15 years ? The answer to that question determines whether this is a bubble .
But they beat revenue and the outlook is positive which is all good news for NVDA !
If you have bigfer expenses it takes the eps down ... eps essentially is stock price divided by profit ( revenue minus expenses )
I pulled out a lot at a loss to put more into nvidia . hope I wasnt an idiot there
I remember them saying this year and next will be good though
Meta , Amazon , Palantir , Lumen
Zoom out !
True . We did have a . com bubble burst , and it's not like the internet disappeared .
Yes I was simply talking in regard to smci .
Yes , and the main winner of the internet was Amazon . So who had the balls to buy AMZN in 1999 and keep it till today ? Nvidia will be a winner of AI nevertheless , it isn't Cisco because Cisco stagnated on innovation . The one thing Nvidia has never done . And if some tells me now that Nvidia could drop 94 % then I say , please do so NOW ! Ever sinve I started buying in 2016 , I have been waiting for such a decline to buy more but unfortunately , Nvidia never dropped back down to my entry points :(
I think people are so scare , that anything creates a sell out ! Too many people manipulating the market and too many people scare !
Reddit was down probably because of the NVDA ’ s report
This company just keeps winning and winning . When will they ever stop
relax , numbers are outstanding It'll take a few days for the noise to play out . New ATHs coming .
Nvidia earnings = good People ’ s expectations = great Hence why this stock is down .
And the stock is tanking .
Earnings per share : 68 cents adjusted . That may not compare with the 64 cents per share expected by LSEG . Revenue : $ 30.04 billion . That may not compare with the $ 28.7 billion expected by LSEG . Announced $ 50 Billion stock buyback https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/news/nvidia-announces-financial-results-for-second-quarter-fiscal-2025
Meh , whenever sentiments on how earnings will perform is overwhelming in either direction … The market manipulators will make sure the stock does the opposite . Short term pull back to get retail investors to sell . It ’ s one of the few guarantees in the market ! Example , Tesla earnings were dog shit , stock blew up . Meta earnings were good , stock tanked . Good news since NVDA fundamentals are strong and still beating expectations , the stock will rebound in 2-4 weeks like facebook . Just in time for interest rate cuts in Sept … hmmm 🤔
I think the guidance closer to the lower end messed things up … need to see how the earnings call goes
All these people whining in their echo chamber that the stock went down despite positive earnings . This is what happens when you downvote anything you disagree with and call it FUD .
[ Good luck to all ] ( https://youtu.be/H5SRyPjb3Fs?si=8eno0PJEz1ojq-hB )
And so is my cousin !
Market finds this underwhelming to say the least . Down 8 % .
Everyday I get more convinced that it's silly to " trade " short term . This has no sense . A while ago the stock dropped 10 % in a second . I was fast enough to cancel my Stop Loss order . I think that all of us who really trust in NVDA , should stop watching its price everyday , and just let it go up through the years .
I actually thought the same
Right ?
I agree with you . MM is playing dirty tricks . They need to kill all those f call option 1st
Also increase in market cap is not the only way to increase share values . With the amount of profit they are making they can buy absurd amounts of shares back .
Interesting , you think we will see a post earnings bounce due to a knee jerk overreaction to stellar earnings ? I know growth / guidance was on the lower side this time and was wondering what everybody thought ?
lol if you say it 17 more times , it will 100 % come true
It ’ s almost like it * didnt beat expectations *
Ah yes , tanking to where it was ... * checks calendar * ... less than a 2 weeks ago !
How can a stock with perfectly fine earnings , AND a stock buyback lose value ...
Meta climbed back very quickly , as did TSM . Manipulation to not payout calls and puts sounds about right . margin traders quickly getting shaken down
To be honest , the bears on this sub are of very bad quality . Every bearish post / comment is basically just " * it's going down tomorrow / next week * 🤪 * don't be a bag holder * 🛍 ️ * I told everyone to sell months ago * 😄 * this stock is overvalued 🤣 * "
> Down 8 % . Had a quick sell-off at first .. down 2 % ish now .. raised guidance at least .. Expectations got pretty high .. still not a crazy valuation
This
Can you eli 5 the benefit of that for them ?
This stock has been acting like this - - erratically after earnings - - for years . Sure there are a couple exceptions , but mostly it's completely unpredictable . Investors gotta realize the best asset they have is patience . If you're just here for the trade I can't help you . But the truth is there is no other company making money hand over fist on AI like NVDA and they will for years to come . The share price will dick around and dick around and then boom it'll go up 20 % in a few days . But nobody can tell you when . Patience . I know that doesn't help traders , sorry .
LMAO . Been holding Nvidia for 17 + years . I know a lot more about the stock and company than a bunch of newbie clowns . watch and see
It beat expectations but not hopes and dreams lol
I don't know why anyone is surprised at this outcome . EDIT : Oh right , idiot reddit hype always means stock green ... does that ever happen ? You guys convinced me to buy covered calls with all your nonsense , and it's looking to pay off wonderfully .
Doesn ’ t make it any less stupid
WS doesnt care , until it does . Its very much ' based ' on future prospects . So if the stock is valued on money its expected to make over the next 6-8 months and fund managers think it was overvalued based on its current data , they will sell . Also , manipulation . If you think long term its a good buy and hold , it really doesnt matter - as long as the financials support your thesis .
Because the growth rate is slowing compared to the previous quarters , and Nvidia is priced for perfection .
[ deleted ]
Because as Johnny Lawrence says " they are a bunch of pussies " .
Priced in . I mean just look at this sub . Beating earnings was expected by EVERYONE . What we didn't get was insanely stupid earnings like 100 billion or whatever .
I could say the inverse for bulls and it holds true .
Back to down 5 % now . My calls will expire worthless but at least I didn't buy too many of them .
They sold call options . They want.to make sure those options expire worthless so they dump shares after earnings driving the price down . If they let the price go up , the call options would exercise and they would have to deliver shares at a discount . If the price does not go up , the calls expire worthless and the seller keeps the premium . Many options expire tomorrow so perhaps the price will recover on Monday .
holding nvidia in 2007 isn ’ t the flex you think it is .
Exactly and it ’ s stupid . Like how is beating expectations by 19 % still not meeting expectations . Literally the dumbest shit in the market . Cant call it expectations at that point
Not after todays report
P / E is irrelevant for a growth company . Forward P / E is what matters .
The inverse of a bad bear is a good bull , I think you meant that you " could say the same " .
damnit my calls will be worthless also
> My calls will expire worthless but at least I didn't buy too many of them . $ 140 calls ?
My bank account thinks otherwise . 😂 😂
Not really , the expectations are just an average value taken from a bunch of analysts . Obviously a lot of people with a ton of cash expected more , they don't need to follow what analysts think . Many of them will have their own financial advisors .
The inverse of saying it ’ s going down tomorrow is it ’ s going up tomorrow .
if I bought nvidia in 2007 , I wouldn ’ t have an entire account posting bullish NVIDIA news .
Which is exactly why it ’ s stupid .
That ’ s a difference between you and me isn ’ t it ? I know a lot about this company and want to help others . You not so much .
“ help ”
2021 , and bought all the way up . Eventually had 3,000 shares and sold at $ 132 .
June of 2015 . 56c cost
I just joined the ride at 100 $ a share for the long term 🚀
Pretty sure most the posts in this sub are media outlet bots farming for new stories and attempting to incite panic .
March 18 2011 @ 0.4297 per share ( accounting for the splits ) . I feel super lucky and blessed . Still hodling for life YOLO ! ! !
2022 , at 105 $ happy with it , and the market will see how good NVIDIA is .
Picked up 182 shares in 3/22 at $ 242 pre split . This account is up $ 128,487 or 185 % Picked up 312 shares in 1/24 at $ 594.30 pre split . This account is up $ 142,077 or 76.6 %
[ deleted ]
2021 , but then I sold throughout the rise . I just bought back in for 400 shares and I'm in it for the long haul . Probably over a decade .
Half a mil at 105 and half a mil at 92
December 2002 . . 09 cost basis .
Avg Cost $ 0.79 , 1,580 acquired on 11/6 / 2015
2017 shortly after I built my pc . I initially went in buying with the only reasoning " this gpu is great . I'll throw a good bunch of my money into it ! " Then a few days later earnings happened and it jumped by a lot and i've been buying here and there over the years .
Started buying 2016 and sold some once that first 4:1 split was announced and it was like $ 900 , got through the split and bought more then was down after it dropped and just kept adding at that point … . now at 4,930 shares and a bunch of calls some 110c for earnings and some leaps next March
I got in a few weeks ago at $ 124 & have been able to DCA down to $ 110
2013
Cost Basis : $ 8
2020/2021
2020-2021
My average is 32 . Got in around 2021
2021 ?
2020
avg share price is $ 31 and most of it is in a tax free account ( I'm Canadian ) so the gains are tax free . shares in the 5 figures pre-split
I bought it in 2019 because data centers . Sold around the time of the first split ( it was like 700-800 ) or something two splits ago . Bought in again around 165 in 2021 , and sold some in 2022 around 280-300 post first split . Rebought as much as I could as it went down to 230 and below in 2022-2023 because I believed in the future of AI . Been comfy holding and waiting ever since . Added more a few times and ended up with a lot of shares below 25 cost basis .
Bought 15 yrs ago @ $ 3.20 per share 500 shares
I can ’ t remember when I bought my first ‘ share ’ but it was like a quarter share @ $ 493 , then shortly after they had a 4/1 split ; it was a while ago
Bought this year , my cost basis is 60 $
Bought a few months ago around 750 before the split but sold them all at 120 . Most recent one was last Friday at 104 . Had my open order for 10k at 90 for Monday morning but couldn't buy as it went down to 92 . Has an open order for 10k at 90 still .
2019
Today at $ 98.59 .
2018 . Averaging up all I can . $ 22 now .
2 shares back when it was a 400
2018 and 2022
$ 36.34
300 @ 104
$ 19 equivalent today . Have owned it for three years . I laddered up on the stock and laddered down to take profits . Still own a lot .
I sold 10 $ 305 calls last year .
Ive been swing trading it and day trading it . Had a little over 1m at 112 average and sold at 135 . Had a 500k yesterday at 99 average and sold at 103 today
11/21 began to buy after PC build . Holding 630 @ $ 42 . 🚀
Thought at $ 133 pre split . Honestly I would have to say this thing has ran like no other . I hold it long term and of course with a $ 13.30 average I don ’ t care about the recent months price action . I would say I am still I up like 600 something % and that ’ s a huge huge run . I like the stock a ton and have tens of thousands in their cards running crypto mining ; just be careful out there . All I can say is I was up over 900 % on shares in just 2 years . I haven ’ t seen anything but the memes move like this !
6/14 / 2003
I bought LEAPS this year in January when we were around $ 600 / share
$ 42 , 57 , 64 , 70something , 81 , 98 , 99 , 102 , 121 , 124 ( all split adjusted )
Sold a large position in 2022 to cover moving costs . Back up to 10 shares since , DCAing with my portfolio over time … . but I also have a ton of tech exposure via ETFs . Gonna keep adding slowly over time unless Nvidia really shits the bed some point in the future
2020
100 shares in 2017 .
Bought various amounts at various prices ranging from 600 ( now 60 ) to 138 .
Is it a good time to buy NVDA now .. ?
2017 , $ 5.40 a share .
I bought in about $ 7000 in May of 2023 . Price then was about , I don ’ t know , $ 300 ? Freaked out when some of the “ dips ” came , knew nothing about investing , had only ever had a few thousand in at a time . Now I had about $ 40k in between about 4 stocks . Pulled it out the second anything dropped . Bought back in about a year later with less cash , a more principled view , a plan , and a better understanding of the company and investing when the stock was around $ 750 . That was my first lot though and it was small . Now my average is $ 107 . Hovering around my break even point this past month and going lower doesn ’ t bother me in the slightest now
At 114 , 102 and 98 the past ~ 2 weeks
$ 60 ( split adjusted ) this year still hold 😎
2021 2500 shares . I ’ ve got about $ 26k invested at this point . Next big rally and I ’ m going to pull it . Then let the remaining ride long term .
13000@6.85 after getting washed out during Covid
May 2023
Probably been in nvda since 2018ish
127 per share
Started buying in late May of ' 22 and haven't stopped yet . Currently sitting on 348 shares @ 30.45 avg .
I got in about a year ago . My average cost is $ 52
FOMO duh !
2021 , just a 125 shares ( unfortunately sold 25 shares when it got to $ 360 ) . Now I have 1002 shares average price $ 19.06 don ’ t plan on selling until this thing hits $ 200 or more
Bought at $ 140 few weeks ago after split in FOMO
I bought in 2017
Years ago before the split . Have about 900 right now
Bought in at $ 15 / share .. haven't sold a single share .
$ 423 ( pre split )
Started in 2012 .
About six months ago .. well before the split .
Average cost 23.93 Original buy 10/2022 . Split brought my any waaaaaay down . I ’ m holding those shares long .
Bought most a week ago , 105.44 average . So just see some greens showing up . Hopefully it will rise a bit more next week to get some fat on my bones . Or a small boat in about a year 😁
315 shares at $ 15 from 2021 for a measly 5k . My dad was telling me to sell at $ 30 but I'm holding it for at least a decade .
Last September
Some at $ 72 , some at $ 99 . Only a year or two . I had a ton of shares in 2021 and sold shortly after . I was newbie
2016 $ 1.57 avg
$ 138 😢 😢
A few weeks before split at 888 I bought 362 . It's a long term hold for me . Am up to 415 shares now .
Around a year ago . When it is at 800 .
since 2021 . when ever I felt a dip comming , I have been incrementally buying .
I bought in the day before the split . But I've been watching it for years . I don't know what that " FOMO " nonsense is about . But I do know that I've been using Nvidia video cards since I can remember , and even use a Shield on one of my TVs . THAT's why I waited . Because the GA106 doesn't really impress me . Nor does using it as a CPU . But Blackwell , lol . I came up in IT with other forms of CPU architecture . Blackwell is some serious sh \ * \ * that will leave them all face down in the mud . THAT's why I bought in . Because buying in right now is like buying Intel in the 1970 ' s .
$ 85/1650
November 2023 and continuously kept buying here and there
Average cost $ 22 per share
2012
November last year .
I've no intention of selling inside of 5 years . The AI revolution is exactly that . It is having a huge impact on work already . I work in software so I probably have a unique view of things . I'd be a buyer at anything under 130 I think . Let's see how earnings go , but the growth is set to be explosive for years to come . The sheer demand for AI compute is off the charts .
Bought at end of 2022 for \ ~ 150 € and sold in may for \ ~ 950 €
I was in at 63 post split , bought more and now have a 107 avg .
9/5 / 2014 was my 1st purchase of many at $ 0.48 / share http://stocktwits.com/mikel3113/message/535992637
Bought from 2016 until last year .
Bought at 600 ( 60 now ) and sold at 900 before the split .
Since 2021 , bought NVDA with my first ever paycheck and kept on buying diligently
On a somewhat related topic , I've always been a gamer and because of that when I was 13 or something ( around 2009 ) my uncle who was really into stocks asked me what is THE company everyone wanted parts of in their computers . The only thing I could think of at that time was Nvidia , I've recently learned that he apparently bought a couple of thousand euros worth of shares but sold them a couple of years later LoL . He's doing well today but still .
Right at the peak ! Post split $ 120
Joined right before it split when it was around $ 800 . Bought 50 shares and so now I have 600 shares at a $ 105 average after buying some more after the split .
Nice try , buddy . No free loss p0rn for you
March 2022 50 shares $ 27 per share Jan 2024 110 shares $ 60 per share
2014 ? Maybe earlier
Avg price 17.00 … 230 shares
$ 122 per share . Mine is pretty high , but I trust NVIDIA .
2023 . Invested most of my inheritance at $ 386 .
678 pre split
At $ 185 pre-split . Unfortunately I was too poor so I had only like 4 shares .
at the peak and holding
[ removed ]
Always buying it ’ s an investment . Price doesn ’ t matter right now
$ 120 :( those damn first few dips . But have other semiconductors ETFs since 2018
got in just before split at 117 . regretted it ever since
I bought at $ 140
At the highest possible price
Bought some at 52 and some at 67 . Before the split ! ! ! ❤ ️ 👍 😀
Cost basis is $ 27 bucks
Cost basis is $ 27 bucks
When it entered the sp500 .
Hype but it turned out to be fraudulent .
500 stocks with an average of $ 64
Bought at 300 $ sold at 490 🥲
timed the top like assasin
When will you rebuy ?
Legend
How did you know ? I told my family back then about the gpus . I didn ’ t have any money . They didn ’ t listen . I remind my dad about this and he says , “ Things like that happen all the time . There will be another chance . ”
on IRA or Brokerage ?
There ’ s no way !
Good luck bag holding this during the bear market with such high average .
or just ppl feeding up their ego with some made up stories .
How many shares you got ? We talking Lamborghini or Bugatti ?
That ’ s $ 105 pre split right ? So like $ 10.50 now
Also 2022 but I got in later at 195 . After split I ’ m sitting happily with just over 1500 shares .
same but I sold in 2018 :(
When ?
I ’ d kill to get this at $ 92 again . Sheesh !
Great buy
So you ’ re a multimillionaire ?
vid or it didnt happen 🦯
That ’ s how I got in .. 2016 for me . I thought , “ no one else makes graphics chips like NVIDIA . ”
Yeah I ’ m in at 121 and DCA down to 112 , not the best timing but will see in there now
Boss !
How did you know ?
Prove it
[ removed ]
Good you didn ’ t listen to your dad ’ s advice .
Don't worry mate . August 31 , you'll see $ 140-150 Hopefully 🤞🏻
132 pre split
What makes you think someone would rebuy the same asset after they sell and make their money ? That said , I sold at $ 131 and would possibly re-enter around $ 70
yes , there is always another chance . look for it now
Similar . Fml
I always looked at charts . I looked for a five year growth chart with upward momentum . Nvidia met my simple criteria .
IRA
You ’ re getting downvoted but earlier this year “ NVDA to $ 1000 ” was the running joke . Now post split $ 100 is seen as low for NVDA . This is exactly how bag holding happens
Maybe , either way people still up voting garbage posts .
You aim low . Talk in terms of mansions and palaces
I ’ m guessing not very much if they are still holding lmao
Yep
[ deleted ]
Yes
when it goes to 92 , you would cry
Not worth it
Most likely yes
Definitely lucked out . 27 bagger
Knowing the industry for GPUs . Also this was when mining with GPUs was profitable . In addition I saw so many displays and thought what drives this from a hardware perspective . I took the gamble and won . Sitting on a 27 bagger
You could mine a BTC using your GPU back then .
Shoot . I posted on this sub 27 days ago about my basis , and referred to that post rather than my tax lot details , which I just checked … and I was wrong . It was 6/14 / 2005 . Avg cost / sh $ 0.197 ( split adjusted of course )
[ removed ]
Thank you sir , won ’ t stop holding 👊
When was the last time it was at 132 ?
Correct , and last week
What ?
Congrats my sub $ 0.50 brother ! I'm at . 4297 . Life changing ? ? ?
[ removed ]
👌
You are 1M in ? I hope you triple your man !
This post was deemed uncivil
This post was deemed uncivil
Same lol . Though will likely sell at 130 , 300k extra and im a happy man
How much is your entire portfilio worth , if I may to ask ?
About 2 milly
Onwards and upwards !
5 days before and 10 days after Earnings have driven NVDA to the tune of 105 % of its gains . If it ’ s gonna move , it will start soon . I think there ’ s just too much chaos right now . I ’ m putting my $ 2500 / month into AAPL , NVDA , and MSFT . Not gonna do anything else . No LEAPS , no covered calls , nothing . The ground is just too unstable right now .
Beat earnings . Lower guidance .
they will beat out earnings probably , so much cash flowing into them , they cant even keep up with demand a company which struggles to keep up with ever growing demand is always a nice thing to own i think
I think that institutions factually know how big the earnings are going to be and that NVDA is the only AI play . It will blow past 150 $
Google fell on earning beat and guidance increase
Various companies associated with NVDA show higher revenue with basically a sold-out status well into 2025 . Still , am worried .
I don't have much to say , I hope it goes back up and then I'm bouncing . Way too volatile for me . It's good if you want to play call / puts . But one day you're up 15 % and the week after you're down much more .
NVDA is going to drop until \ ~ 10 days before earnings , bottoming out at about $ 80-85 . Earnings will obviously be a huge beat and guidance will be extremely positive , the question is will the rest of the market see it as the bottom indicator and will NVDA lift the rest of the market up with it
Hard to tell really … will probably go up or down …
I think nvda falls until earnings then that makes it run
Triple Beat Grand Slam . Hit it out of the Park !
I ’ m buying .
My guess is 28 to 30B in revenue , maybe more , maybe less . As for guessing how the market will respond , who knows .
EOY rn is at 140 for many " experts " . I say 145 at earnings and 150-200 after the election .
Up for sure , why do you think everyone else fell on earnings ?
I like it rough ! Take me up down and side to side that ’ s the way I ride 🚀 🌖
[ deleted ]
I don't know man I'm not a psychic by trade , do you know anyone ?
We probably won ’ t see TSMC price increases in this report but I suspect guidance may be in line revenue wise but margins are going to take a hit possibly . They can ’ t just increase the prices on Hopper . However they can raise the price on Blackwell which could get margins back where they were maybe 3 quarters from now when Blackwell is full tilt . Just my . 02
Nice . I am just staying where I'm at with my shares along with one large swing call option that expires months after earnings . I'm back to throwing my savings into VTSAX and other ETFs . Over this market right now .
> 5 days before and 10 days after Earnings have driven NVDA to the tune of 105 % of its gains 105 % since when ? $ 50 ?
I ’ ve been selling covered calls against my Nvidia shares for the last ~ 1.5 months but have decided to stop now . Don ’ t want my shares called away and I have no idea what direction it ’ ll move between now and earnings .
What ’ s your opinion on GOOG ?
Five trading days before ER would be Aug 21st - correct ?
It ’ s obvious as heck
Lower guidance ? Have you listened to any of the conference calls from their customers who have all said they ’ re continuing to make massive investments into AI , including NVDA chips ?
It beats earnings 1000 % but they have to lower guidance after Blackwell delays . So it might not rally as much as everyone here is hoping .
I mean if that happens this whole subreddit would explode likely
So far done of the ER ’ s beat on semis has done anything in the midst of selling .
They are not the only AI play - Palantir and Soundhound and that ’ s at a minimum . They power AI I agree but they ’ re not the only play
Thats when we buy 🚀
I don't agree with you . The last month the whole market has been like that . If you look at apple , meta , amzn and many more it shows that it's just a market thing . Obviously you make your own decisions , but unless you're going to buy sp500 or Nasdaq 100 I don't see how are you going to run away from the current market volatility and still beat the market , which is the only reason you would be choosing individual stocks . I want to add that I'm not a specialist and I'd like to hear your and others ' opinion on whether the whole market has been like this or if I'm being biased .
true , i remember my 1st day investing in NVDA on june 20th , the price was $ 138 per share , invested $ 1,000 in it , and that shit's been going down every day . went down to $ 135 , then $ 118 , $ 135 , to $ 129 , down to $ 88 a share on monday . im down like $ 350 and been giving me anxiety for almost 2 months , nvda cheap ass stock smh
The stock market is volatile at the moment due to earnings and concerns of a recession . All the Big Tech stocks are experiencing the same volatility . Also Aug / Sept are the worst months to invest in stocks and go invest in ETFs if you simply don ’ t have the nerves and patience to ride out things till Oct / Nov that are historically the markets best months . Unfortunately new investors like you think investing is easy and expect companies to be printing money so you see immediate returns on your investments regardless of market conditions .
are you an investor or a gambler ?
Dude I fucking hope
no , fundamentals of the macro economy changed .
True story
Anybody can look this shit up . We don't need you to copy and paste it .
[ deleted ]
The intel guy
I published analysis a few days ago that showed over the last 10 years earnings have driven movement this way . Rhe implication is that the remaining 80 % of days have a net loss of 5 % .
https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/RG3t9UAOIp
Give or take . Nothing magical about it .
You're pushing Blackwell all the way out from Q3 to Q4 . That's going to impact guidance .
Yes . The question is whether steady / increased AI capex translates 100 % to increased hardware purchases . For example , MSFT was dinged for increased spend on build outs / upgrades to data centers . NVDA is associated with AI but a hardware company . At some point , MSFT's spend will shift from higher hardware spend to development spend .
yeah i dont think it will rally up to 200 or anything crazy , but im sure we'll see something . todays been up and down as it is lol
Comparing Palantir or Soundhound to Nvidia is literally comical .
What ? Those two companies are AI software base … Not even comparable to NVDA that currently own 80 % of the AI chip market needed to stand up all the AI infrastructure being built up . Their only competitor is AMD with INTL in shambles and AMD is about a year ( maybe 2 ) away with coming out with a chip to compete with NVDA new Blackwell chip .
I don't disagree with you about the market . It's all about tolerance I guess . I'm probably heading on a growth ETF or / and dividend .
Same boat but nearly $ 53k 😂
same boat except with $ 90k
DCA
Never seen such a more wrong take in my life … it ’ s easy as shit to tell … will probably go up or down 😋
[ deleted ]
Grandma would be proud
If you ’ re in tech components ( I am ) you ’ d know that they will take materials and just build out other products . What does that mean for NVDA ? They ’ ll just build more hopper and sell those to make it up . The demand for hopper is still greater than supply . People need to relax .
I wish it was up and down .. I see down and down .
I wouldn't say AMD is 2 years away . Closer to a decade . NVDA pretty much owns the A . I space and all of the patents . Don't really see AMD casually guruing their way into very comparable infrastructure with little research time .
Fair .
I lowered my position because I trade on margin and was almost wiped out . Have NVDA on US and EU exchange to avoid a margin call and exchanged some for QQQ . Learned a lesson
You invested $ 90k when it was $ 138
You invested $ 90k when it was $ 138 ?
well , I inherited 200K from my cousins , sisters , aunts , uncle , that was married to his sisters friend , and I'm going to YOLO it in NVDA PUTS . Everyone inverse me
Yes ... they're still selling Hopper . TSM has produced more . It still doesn't change the fact that the more expensive Blackwell stacks are pushed out from Q3 to Q4 . I was expecting \ ~ 30/31 B , and then 80B the second half of the year with \ ~ 36B in Q3 as Blackwell starts to roll out and \ ~ 44 in Q4 as it's it makes up the majority of their sales . I think that gets pushed out a Quarter now . A stack of Blackwell was \ ~ 3M . Hopper 1.8 M So ... you don't think it's going to lower their Q3 and Q4 guidance at all ? And I'm perfectly relaxed . I've been in NVDA since 2020 . I watched it miss 3 straight Quarters in ' 22 as it went from \ ~ 320 to 120 or so . I don't know what I said that made it seem like I was not " relaxed , " other than just making a statement that ... seems pretty obvious to me . But I'm happy to be corrected . ( You're also likely to have lower margins with TSM talking about changing more ) . I've said I think you'll have to wait for that 180 price target for another Quarter . I don't think it'll get there until this time next year instead of February . Tell me where I'm wrong ?
100 -> 91 -> 108 -> 100 -> 108 -> 99 thats what i've had in my orders last 2 days lol not fun
Bwahaha , I was being nice and worst case scenario NVDA has a strangle hold for 2 years . AMD will be an alternative ( 2nd place ) to NVDA simply cuz big tech companies don ’ t want to rely on only one company to supply them with such important hardware / technology . Regardless , I more worried about the government stepping in and saying NVDA is a monopoly cuz AMD / INTL can ’ t get their shit together
I actually invested before the split at what is now 119 . pulled out and bought again 124 . Bought more at 134 . Sold some for a loss , tried to rebuy at 120 , but was flagged with a Wash . so i'm stuck at 134 . You live you learn . I'm long though .
You sound kinda tense tbh .
Not fun at all ! !
It's wild seeing nvdas price drop 40 dollars a share when nothing has really changed besides Trump crying on social media .
How are you long if you kept trying to sell ?
? ? ? That's ... just what's happening . Blackwell is delayed . It's not speculative , it's a fact . Take that however you need to .
I just posted on a different trend on some of the reasons . Waaaay too long to repeat but basically fears of a recession and folks taking massive profits from the past year and a half has lead this downward run . Stock market can ’ t hit ATH every month to infinity …
I'm long now . The sells taught me to toughen up .
Yeah and after everyone dumps all the news channels will post brimming and exciting news . It's really annoying .
threads like these are exactly why I come here . it's what keeps me honest , because I'm forced to confront your posts and ask myself : " wait ... I'm not like that , am I ! ? " In this instance , thankfully no , but in many others , I'm starting to think I am . Glad you learned these lessons , but that sounds like a stupendous amount of money to risk to learn it
As opposed to others that I ’ ve seen on this post . I am not hating . Or blindly loving NVDA . I do believe in NVDA . It ’ s an expensive lesson that I stand by without shame . I ’ ve made a lot of money in the market . And lost a lot too . My learning is just as volatile as the market .
I also wouldn ’ t be surprised if it ’ s down 5 % by EOD . Nothing matters until next week IMO
I would like to know what drugs are you on
Y ’ all need to stop , lmao . Nvidia is done for the time being a Meme growth stock . Now it ’ s a long term investment . I shoulda started last 2 years ago . Now it ’ s a blue chip , long term stock .
This recent Nvidia craze is just like when btc peaked and all retail starting buying near top expecting same rapid growth as the last 5 years
Here is how bizarre out current earnings system is : Analysts predict an amount ( presumably in line with past performance to give a general idea of what they should be capable of ) Nvidia beats it handily but not good enough . Journalists going so far as to say Nvidias incredible growth has finally slowed despite being literally . 01 EPS lower than the previous quarter which was considered monstrous growth . People and analysts alike are disappointed . Absolutely remedial system weve fallen into . What use is it to beat analyst estimates if it still isnt good enough ? Here's an idea analysts , may as well start raising your estimates higher ... I dont think it matters either way .
Your analysis is how I know the stock is overvalued .
That's the stock market for you . CRWD , which issued a lower guidance , is up big , like > 5 % . Oh , btw , DJT is up too .
Every time I open this subreddit , I am immediately reminded how dumb and parrot like the average investor is . Just repeat what you heard from somewhere else as many times as you can , and it will become true .
I wasn ’ t surprised , but I was still hopeful that the stock price actually made sense after . I was … disappointed .
Too many call options sold MMs will keep it below $ 130 until Q3
based on the article i posted , it will take a few months for it to climb back up steady . in the meantime , its going down like a sinking ship , which is exactly what i prepared for . still making money !
Of all my stocks on my tech watchlist , it had to be the anomaly lol .
Good news is bad news .
If this happens free Frostys from your nearest Wendy ’ s . Most people who sold today are working there .
Outstanding numbers support outstanding valuations , but not more than that . NVDA is valued pretty expensive right now unless they start growing faster very soon .
I'll credit you with a bold prediction since it was made 5 hours ago , but not going to happen . This is me posting 5 hours later with 20/20 hindsight though .
Margin calls coming in and forcing them to sell .
didn ’ t age well . it ’ s just negative sentiment all around . . . Will likely be like this until next ER .
May be EOD tomorrow 🥳
No need to be surprised
I'm surprised how many people are gambling this week . Market setters in there actively killing everyone's 130 calls . I wouldn't be surprised if eod Monday , stock is up . Not this week .
I would be !
Nope , nice try though .
Not good for Nvda standards . Some stocks are held to a higher standard and blow out quarters are expected every earnings . It happened to all the tech stocks apple , Amazon , google , Netflix and microsft .
It ’ s simple , a better earnings report was already priced into the stock . While NVDA beat its own projections , it didn ’ t beat the general population ’ s projects for it .
This post didn't age well .
This is the first time I am actually not fully confident when it might pop again . It probably will . But this was a bummer . I didn ’ t expect it to struggle this much .
Are you surprised now ?
COPE
Waiting for the $ 90s again .
I think the numbers were expected , fractionally above . All in all , these numbers should have kept prices pretty much the same but that is boring for markets , so it had to choose a direction . Initially that was down big time , now it is banging its head against $ 124 , made 3 failed attempts to break through it .
Not with everyone ’ s calls expiring tomorrow … better learn how wall street works or they will destroy you
#If Pelosi is still in , so am I .
Now back to reality . The numbers were average .
FUCK THESE BEARS
Decelerating growth and margins = good earnings ? Even guidance hinted further deceleration . Not sure how you found that to be great .
What ’ s next week ?
-6.46 %
He mixed pepsi and coke
Celsius here . I just sold 45 $ 140 calls for next month for $ 11k . It ain ’ t going that high that fast
Like give him a f ... Break
Copium .
I'd say it's probably ever so slightly better but yeah I tend to agree . It's going to still give better than normal returns imo .
Do you think it will be more or less in line with the sector going forward ? I ’ m on the fence as to whether to go for more , or something like QQQ / TQQQ or split
It'll be good for a bit , but there'll come a day when the large customers will have sufficient chip capacity and cheaper custom chips for custom ( no CUDA ) use-cases . It'll be a bad day for Nvidia . It's still enterprise hardware and bound to cycle out .
Btc peaked like a few months ago .
This is something I agree with you on and am annoyed about . We beat the estimate but not by enough , what point is the estimate then , or why is the estimate what it is ? Set the estimate to the actual estimate or don ’ t give one .
you're not wrong but it's still grossly overvalued . super low EPS ( even if above estimate ) , nearly worthless dividend and almost plateaued growth means it won't just continue to pump . you realize MSFT literally DOUBLED their revenue at the same market cap ? what would you rather own ? a company who's dominated the tech industry for 30 + years and has hundreds of millions of customers or one with that went 10x in 18 months with a few hundred customers ?
This subreddit is how I know it ’ s overvalued
Forget about 130 . 125 is the goal now lol
Guys this stock is holding fairly nicely and only down like $ 3 + + . It ’ s all good . Tomorrow it ’ ll carry over with huge buy orders . It ’ s just a good company with products in demand and a management team that can deliver financials on time . Let alone SMCI !
Seriously . I tried like hell to keep my buddy from buying 130 calls . He wasn't hearing it . Everyone thought they were holding the winning lottery ticket this week
Nothing in particular but it ’ s just some time for all the post-earnings noise to settle .
And the option bets on earning will be expired which will help if you believe the theory that the big market makes kept the price down for that .
130 call option wall expiring 8/ 30
https://tenor.com/8yxX.gif
Messed up on the ole pepoke
There ’ s things that should never be done !
With mentos
BTC has had like four cycles so far but " lightning doesn't strike twice ! "
That wasn't the ATH . Zoom out and look a few years back .
exactly , I can confidently say that there is no explanation ( however scientific the attempt ) that could possibly justify it .
I hear you , but you are attempting to apply fundamental concepts / metrics where they are no longer relevant . , imo . Supply and demand and human emotion drive prices .
Who will place the huge buy orders tomorrow ? Retail investors ?
Ah , gotchya . Just thought I missed something .
Two people who are very well informed told me the same thing . They think it's going to " pop " later this month ... or basically in the not distant future . I thought it'd take a while to get the next ER and guidance for Blackwell ... but I hope I'm wrong . I don't need to be told this stock is still got a LOT of room to run and I think by the end of Q4 , it'll be 150 + but ... I just don't see the value until Blackwell is in production and proven ... or rather I wouldn't if I wasn't invested already in this company . Like ... disproportionately invested .
its 73k 6months ago . btc has maintained just fine , this is a dumbass line of reasoning
[ deleted ]
source
when did he say there are so many H200 orders ? source ?
They said the singular orders wouldn ’ t be affected . It ’ s the larger orders that MAY have some delay . Trying to be transparent about the situation but all the chicken littles are freaking out . The media isn ’ t helping . Right now not affecting anything !
Will the impact TSM stock ?
lol sorry die capacity
Is the phoenix factory running yet ?
Toms hardware
https://io-fund.com/artificial-intelligence/semiconductors/nvidia-stock-blackwell-suppliers-shrug-off-delay In a roundabout way , the CEO tells investors what to expect should this happen , which is that customers will continue to build with H100s , H200s and any other supply they can get their hands on . https://www.trendforce.com/news/2024/07/02/news-nvidias-h200-order-delivered-from-q3-boosting-server-supply-chain-with-strong-demand/ https://seekingalpha.com/news/4143753-nvidia-guidance-likely-to-be-driven-by-h200-demand-morgan-stanley-says https://www.fool.com/investing/2024/07/04/nvidia-continues-to-see-strong-demand-for-its-arti/ https://www.forbes.com/sites/bethkindig/2024/08/22/nvidia-stock-blackwell-suppliers-shrug-off-delay-ahead-of-q2-earnings/ https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/artificial-intelligence/nvidia-partners-indirectly-confirms-blackwell-b200-gpu-delay-offer-interested-parties-liquid-cooled-h200-instead
Read again the title ...
Mmm tsm has a supply side problem . It's like all the heisenberg blue is out there and the people want more . Problem is , Jesse only has 2 airbnbs .
We got it . You're good .
nothing coming from there until 2025 ... full capacity is years away there
Lol you read the title again . Bet
Love a good BB metaphor lol
Pinkman ?
No ... You and the six that downvoted read the title again ...
There's a symmetry .
Still not getting what you're saying . Can you just come out with it
If that's what they expect , then I guess it's already priced in ?
32.4 B est is pretty strong hmm
the party is just starting , next 5 years will be amazing
I like the stock .
[ removed ]
There's a lot to be said about keeping expectations super low and seeing them exceed , vs now where the whole world is watching with enthusiastic hype and will take nothing less than significant excess in earnings compared to forecasts . Super easy to be disappointed when all you say is " I won't accept any less than Nvidia totally blowing past their projected earnings . To the moon ! ! ! 🚀 🚀 " Seeing plenty of those recently and it makes me nervous . It's not healthy , and it doesn't actually lift stocks , quite the opposite in fact .
The day where uncrustables will not longer sustain me draws near . Oh blessed day you are welcomed
Get the ones from Costco or Sam ’ s Club . They ’ re twice as big and cheaper .
Dude I love those stupid things . You gotta get them where they are almost frozen but not quite .
“ If you have cash . ” It ’ s over 😔
Reminds me of Netflix two quarters ago . Announced they wouldn ’ t release sub numbers anymore , stock tanks even tho they posted beats . Two weeks later ATH
nah its been like that for the past 2 months lmao
Glad i sold out when the downside first began . I do have ample cash to go back in if i wish .
I won't buy more till $ 50
That was the last time nVidia saw 120-130 . already went up 10x expecting much more than this . Now should correct back to the range of 80-90 . Just think about it . Nvidia market cap is now larger than microsoft : This is madness bro . Correction has never been necessary more than this , no matter what the fan boys think .
Facts I ’ m stuck at 121 average 💀 💀 💀 🤣
That is because DIS , WBD and PARA didn't do well . WBD especially had a huge write down .
You won't buy more
Then you will never buy more
You ’ re making it look like they didn ’ t have great earnings lol they basically have a monopoly . They have so much FU money they are doing buybacks . But yea they don ’ t deserve the price lmao
Why do I keep seeing this exact comment all over this sub , even from different accounts ? Either lazy copypastas or bad bots have invaded today lol
! remindme 6 months
lol , same . To the glory of FOMO !
Where were you 2 years ago ? ...
me at 131 🗿 😭
Ok , so according to that logic , who else is beating NVDA ? It's literally the only shop in town .
Why wouldn't I ? It'd be on sale
Google had revenue of \ ~ 84B and NET Revenue ( which NVDA missed on ) of \ ~ 23B IIRC . AMZN had revenue of nearly 600B the last 4 Quarters including \ ~ 148 ( Which was a miss ) . They both have monopolies . You're not getting it ... people are missing , NVDA doesn't just have to beat , they have to beat by a LOT in order to justify the growth .
He ’ s right . The price will drop , probably to 100-120 until next earnings
Dude , for a company whose market cap variates 300 billion daily , 50 billion buyback is a joke and a red flag which shows how scared Jensen is .
Ignore it . Everyone has irrational expections in either direction . Even the market lol . Anyone giving numbers doesnt know anything . Bottom line is , it's all speculation . But if you believe in the product , stay long and filter the idiotic comments . I always welcome a well thought analysis for bullish and bearish cases , but those one liners are mostly spam imo
I will be messaging you in 6 months on [ * * 2025-02- 28 02:45 : 42 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2025-02-28%2002:45:42%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f3nvl4/still_great_earnings/lkfy3ql/?context=3 ) [ * * 3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f3nvl4%2Fstill_great_earnings%2Flkfy3ql%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202025-02-28%2002%3A45%3A42%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f3nvl4 ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Looking at the price two years ago in bed contemplating if I should buy it when it was considered dirt cheap compared to now . But yeah didn ’ t buy it now I cry cry .
Keep Holding brother ! Let me sell first 😂
AVGO is next up
Not if never goes below 90 again . If it dropped that much that would indicate that they have some major problems and the market thinks they ’ re worth half as much . Would t that completely change the investment thesis ?
I get it I just think you are overreacting . Even if it doesn ’ t climb immediately don ’ t really care since I don ’ t do options . I ’ ll just buy on dips and see it explode after Blackwell
I could see it in the 110-130 with drops a bit lower range until next earnings and the following earnings . I'm long . I've been in since ' 20 . This was not a great earnings for a company that had the expectations NVDA did ( not the expectations when you google Zacks , the ACTUAL expectations from the investors . The 33-34 B . It's not going to see that big jump to 4T market cap until Blackwell and I don't see how that comes until Q1 earnings of Fiscal ' 26 . But ... also , margins were down ... a little , but Huang made a point to say they'd be down MORE in Q4 . Great company ... needed more to justify MORE growth .
Not if the market sells off . Macro can cause people to over sell high beta stocks .
Stocks are misjudged all the time .
Yeah , that's exactly what I think as well . But I'm pointing out they're not there yet . They have less revenue than much smaller companies . So this earnings report had to come in at the 33/34 T whisper numbers in order to get there THIS quarter . I'm not overreacting . I'm not selling any of my shares . I will watch this drop 7 figures as I have in the past ... and I'll be in until \ ~ 182 after Q1 of Fiscal ' 26 ( at lesat ) .
Sure , what goes into your macroeconomic thesis that predicts a macro downturn ? Most of the data is looking positive . We had a really nice GDP surprise last week . Inflation is slowing . Consumer spending is still strong . What are you basing that on ?
Also , cash flush technology stocks tend to be a safe haven during economic downturns . Nvidia could take a haircut but , losing half their market cap would indicate their core business is deeply flawed . I don ’ t see any indications of that . Small caps get punished more in a recession . People start to view companies like Nvidia as an institution .
I have about the same plan , I think this was a decent earnings report but not enough . I think Q3 Q4 will be more impressive
That ’ s bizarre logic … if you think the stock will drop that much why would you keep holding shares and not sell or short the stock ? And then buy it back cheaper at a later date ?
The market can easily sell off 20 % at any time . Then so will nvda fall more . That's when you buy on sale
Not necessarily . Nvda can easily fall to $ 50 in bad economic times . The heavier weighted stocks sell off the most when panic sets in . Megacaps will lose the most and the quickest while things like LIN COST etc will not fall as fast or quickly
I think Q3 will be ... good , but not great ... but the guidance will be much better and then ... Blackwell . I think I need to stop trying to explain to those who think this is all market manipulation that this is just a lull . I hope you're right . I hope Q3 we see the jump to 145-150 . I think it'll take a little longer , but we'll get there .
You hypothetically that could do that if the markets sold off that much . I don ’ t base my trading on unlikely hypotheticals though . A 50 % sell off would indicate a major bear market and a fundamental charge in the future prospects of Nvidia . That would cause me to reevaluate my investment hypotheses . If SPY is at 28-2900 , something catastrophic just happened in the US economy .
Your investment thesis is basically ; if a black swan event crushes the US economy , I ’ ll buy more Nvidia . Okay , great idea .
Go to Google and type " nvda stock " . Look back 5 years in the graph . There was 50 % sell off from 2021 to 2022 . Nvda went from about 32 to 12 I believe . If you had bought and held till now , let's say 100 shares . You'd have a huge amount of money right now !
It is a great idea . Take a look back at 2022 crash and ask yourself if it was a good time to buy
Says nothing , could be good , could be bad , could be boring . That said , I think it's going to be good but not because of this .
Blackwell isn't delayed ... I bet that's a bomb that gets dropped on the call tomorrow .
I wouldnt read too much into it . This is not uncommon .
This has been the longest month in my life … Oy Vey
CEO ’ s schedule such events when their company under performs all the time . Your logic is flawed . That being said , this company almost always over performs vs projected earnings .
CEOs with terrible ERs speak to the media all the time . Starbucks ’ former CEO had a disastrous interview with CNBC following their last ER . People need to stop speculating , no one knows what will happen after ER .
Damage control ? I personally DO NOT think that will be the case , but just presenting an alternate theory .
If everyone expects blowout numbers and guidance , then that expectation is already priced in .
BULLISH because if NVDA misses the interview would only be about the miss and no about the AI future .
He needs to bring flashcards and puppets to explain the tech sector to octogenarians and the like . Maybe some free pudding coupons . Because every time the rest of us talk about " A . I . servers " they're standing in their dining rooms looking confused at a piece o ' furniture . " I just don't get it . What about P / E ? "
Does he usually do this ? If it's a blowout quarters , shouldn't he be having champagne with his team rather than doing this ? I'm afraid the earning is not gonna be good enough and he need this event to do damage control
Damage control ... so we're fuk ?
Agree , also NVDA tends to be conservative on previous guidance calls .
What ’ s so dumb is that these “ delay rumors ” ran way back about a year . There was a podcast with MLID and some guy who ’ s been a consultant in the chip space for 40 years , and there was this whole thing about Blackwell maybe getting delayed because they wanted it on 3nm but the tech just wasn ’ t good enough yet , so they delayed it by a few months and decided to play it safe with 4nm . That delay happened a long time ago , and I actually think that ’ s what these rumors are picking up . Like yes , it was delayed , but that ’ s why you pad your projects with extra time so that a delay doesn ’ t tank the whole project
That ’ s not hyperbole either straight up Facts Jack H !
That would be nuts
But the thing is even if there is a slight 4-12 week delay NO ONE CARES … SpaceX and Tesla have shown that buy just buying their other products lol but any more than a 3-4 month delay and Jensen should be addressing it
The delay is just a bunch of noise . Demand for Hopper is still super high and margins for Hopper are higher than Blackwell so a delay will make Nvidia more money in the short run . That being said , Wall Street is stupid and can drive a selloff if the rumour is confirmed .
Yes you are 1000 % right … but it speaks to character and accountability if earnings were amazing but guidance was a miss . He would have no reason to follow up his call with a Global press release ( media interview ) he wouldn ’ t want to be in the spot light under fire for billions being wiped from the company he build . But if he knows it ’ s a strong bullish sign with the company heading towards innovation and improvement . He would wanna be there to boast about HIS company and let it be known they are in a league of their own . Checkout the history of CEO ’ s doing a release in their own time after earnings almost always always the company has presented the public with numbers and guidance that were miles out of left field .
True , NVDA CEO is not one to hide from the media , and will speak out regardless of ER numbers and explain results .
If they expect missed earnings then or already priced in
Then I guess miss earnings should be price in for all these companies .
Well with that logic NVDA EPS of 200 per share and guidance that NVDA will build rockets for deep space exploration will “ be priced in … ”
Nobody knows the Sovereign A / I numbers ! That is entire countries buying their chips . More than the Mag 6 bought combined 😮 💪 🔥
What champagne ? Do you know what he said during Computex forum ? " I work from the moment I wake up to the moment when I go to bed , and I work seven days a week . When I ’ m not working , I ’ m thinking about working . And when I ’ m working , I ’ m working , "
The latest rumors for the delay has to do with 2 issue . Problems with water cooling components required for B200 , and Nvidia already claims that's not a factor . The other more serious was with Blackwell substrate having warping , stability and thus yield issues . There may be something to that as they supposedly canceled B100 , I guess moving good yeild to B200 . But it's all rumor . I'm sure they've been able to ramp H200s along with H100 and H200 should continue to get them a good guide . AMD is coming in hot , but it won't be a dent in the overall growing TAM as yet .
The part about him not wanting to do an interview in case earnings aren ’ t stellar is utter bullshit . He would do the interview regardless as it ’ s his job to calm down his investors as well as the media . Earnings could go either way and the interview would be used to highlight the good parts .
Everything is priced in all the time , no exceptions !
Cryptocurrency world . . . . In other words shady as fuck
How I wish stocks would go down , so I can buy more . It ’ s a long play for me .
[ deleted ]
When you put it that way . Yup absolutely
Bought 5 more shares today at $ 126.84 . If it dips … I buy more chips
NVDA was just down you missed the boat big time . Now or never because NVDA will soon develop a higher baseline .
This is a long term investment for me . If the price dips after the ER then I just get to buy the dip … . like I did today
Like I did when it dipped to 92
Same . Let ’ s see what tmrw brings . I ’ m saving some for after ER . But might but y tmrw depending where market goes
I had to buy 5 more shares during the dip . Couldn ’ t help myself
Nice pick up . I grabbed 5 more too lol
How the tables have turned ... Intel nearly killed Nvidia in the 90s trying to integrate graphics into the motherboard . Now Nvidia is pushing Intel out .
This is the right partner . Mediatek is really a cost aware partner and isn't afraid to go after the business . My sense is Nvidia is likely taking a small royalty here rather than selling chips per se . Royalty and software support . They've got great IP here : low power CPUs and parallel processing GPUs . Nvidia has earned their chops with Grace so this is a leveraged pivot into a new growth segment . Nvidia's footprint in AI software gives an unfair advantage , assuming all those 3700 CUDA apps just work right out of the box . The target is AI PCs and what ever that evolves into , handhelds or tablets , maybe phones eventually . AI is a disruption , going right after Intel , AMD and Apple .
made by who ?
Nvidia has had a rough time trying to break into the mobile market over the past decade and backed off each time , hope this won't be another flop . It's a market that's been heavily resilient against the major players of the PC market in the past , hopefully Nvidia's new efficiency and scalability on machine learning tasks will finally give them some leverage to survive for a bit .
They tried , but no one gaming or doing graphic design is gonna use a graphics integrated mobo or cpu as their primary GPU . They are going to want a dedicated , high performance GPU . And now , GPU's are so advanced , they are basically a smaller computer inside your computer .
> Intel nearly killed Nvidia in the 90s trying to integrate graphics into the motherboard . Is that actually true ? Where can I read more about that ?
Not identified , but llook to mediatek ’ s customer base as a starting point .
This effort should be much less risky since it's mediatek led . This looks like the right way to go and should be a winner IMO .
Money will be more stuffed in nvda after earning !
Everyone trying to ride rocket ships to the moon . I ride bubbles .
Bubbles that multiply themselves as they burst 💥 💪 💪 💪 🚀 🚀 🚀 🤑 🤑 🤑
Bubbles !
💷 💷 💷
Bubble double trouble I sank a lot at 130 $
lol that ’ s cute
Huh oh !
The guy literally writes that AI is not a bubble due to stellar earnings reports that keep coming . The headline is misleading asf .
He's got the wrong definition for a stock market bubble . A bubble is formed when market participants drive stock prices above their value ( in relation to some stock valuation ) . In other words , people are willing to pay increasingly more in relation to the value . It's mostly driven by cognitive biases that lead to herd behavior . The author jumps right away on factors amplifying a bubble , not what is a bubble . Technological advances are closely linked to market crashes as investors become overly enthusiastic about making money in a new industry . Version of this has been happening for centuries . Bicycles , trains , softwares , Internet , ... It's very hard to know when we're in a bubble and when it will burst ( if bubble there is ) . The way stocks are priced , it's not even rational to believe that the technology sector will keep outperforming the other 11 sectors for decades to come . Profitable companies see their market price go down all the time . The question is not " will tech be important in the future " but rather " will tech be more important in the future than other investors think " . That and " do I know something about the tech field that everyone else doesn't already know ? "
" We all float down here "
So you ’ re saying they are going to keep Me from the Wendy ’ s Dumpster ?
Since then I haven ’ t heard of anyone making a better chip , so yes .
This is basically marketing . If AMD gave ( and could give ) all their chips away for free , then NVDA would be fucked . The only way AMD's chips would need to be less than free is if the chips had negative value . It's also empirically false because other companies use non-nvidia chips .
What ’ s stopping competitors from reeves engineering their own versions ? Never quite understood why Nvidia was so far ahead in the chip technology
It depends . For inference ? Probably not . Will have benchmarks soon showing this . As well as the fact that most inference providers aren ’ t making money , so they will have to find cheaper GPUs that are tuned to the workloads otherwise they will go out of business . For training ? Even here there may be a shift . I am hearing whispers of the MI300X being used for large training runs . No one wants a single supplier , so the industry will naturally want to diversify . CUDA is not as far ahead as everyone thinks , running things on ROCm while definitely behind and problematic , is very doable and will only be more so in the future . There may be a performance gap for a while , but will this exist in combination with a performance / $ gap ? Unknown
Not really . They are ahead on software part ( CUDA integration is way larger than ROCm , for example ) , but their hardware is just it . Hardware . AMD has good ML hardware too , even more efficient , but CUDA us a closed tech , that's the problem .
AMD's MI300x is competitive hardware wise , and it kind of depends on the use case which wins . Nvidia is still ahead , but not because their hardware is superior - so Jensen's quote is just marketing BS See [ this ] ( https://www.nextplatform.com/2024/07/29/stacking-up-amd-versus-nvidia-for-llama-3-1-gpu-inference/ ) article for example I'm invested in both amd and nvidia btw .
Custom ASICs will become the most useful
If the competitors make an open-source version of CUDA , and other Nvidia's closed-source software ( assuming equally high quality ) , then Nvidia is in big trouble .
Might even get you into Wendy's
Lol - Nvidia has 10 years on anyone and the lead id say is accelerating , not decreasing
Not necessarily true - total cost of ownership for a infrastructure provider is ( cost of chips ) + ( total energy use over lifetime ) x ( cost of energy ) . It's absolutely possible for one platform to have enough of an energy efficiency superiority that total cost of ownership is lower for their platform even when competitor's chips are free .
> If AMD gave ( and could give ) all their chips away for free , then NVDA would be fucked . Did you know Intel gave away GPUs ( literally for free ) for like 20 years ? All you have to do is look at where Intel is and where Nvidia is in the GPU space to see the ridiculousness of your statement . Nvidia is literally destroying Intel's data center business with GPUs .
> For inference ? Probably not . Will have benchmarks soon showing this . AMD has only been shipping MI300 for the better part of a year now . Certainly they have had MLPerf benchmarks for way longer than they've been shipping . So why do you think it's taking so long for " soon " to get here ? I mean they just missed another cycle a few weeks ago .
Thank you , great comment ! Why do you think that CUDA is not as far ahead as everyone thinks ?
exactly , if Nvidia sat on there ass , AMD would catch up in 6 months on software , this sub is nuts when they think the advantage is years . Nvidia spends massive amounts of time and money improving there software so they can maintain there lead .
> CUDA us a closed tech , that's the problem . CUDA is a moat . The entire industry has known it for years and has plenty of time to do something about it . Lisa could have been investing in Software , but she's too cheap and short sighted . She knew SW was a good place to spend money but instead bought XLNX for $ 48B . Don't blame it on Nvidia . Put the blame where it lays , at the feet of competitors for missing all the signs . Now Nvidia has 80 % + market share and a bunch of whiners need them to give away their IP to level the playing field . hilarious .
You're right it depends on the use case , but one take away is " in terms of raw peak floating point specs , the Nvidia B100 will smoke the MI300X , and the B200 will do even better , as you can see . It is roughly twice better bang for the buck to the advantage of Nvidia , comparing the B100 / B200 to the MI300X at peak FP16 performance levels . " What that means is AMD is going to get tweenered before they can ramp . The only oxygen they're getting is from Nvidia's supply chain bottlenecks .
Doubtful . While they are optimal in a vacuum compared to a GPU the time and cost to build them and adjust to the changing field is a big negative . Proponents will say ASICs can be built to be more generalized and handle a greater set of use cases but that cuts against the strength of an ASIC . I'm not convinced a field that will be constantly innovating at rapid pace for the foreseeable future will want to wait several months to years to evolve the chip every time they have a breakthrough .
I disagree but they ’ ve definitely had a good head start .
The thing that's increasing is the size of Nvidia's warchest .
Your logic would mean companies would be better off if they didn't have a data centre .
Because people are using it in production ( openai , microsoft ) this is the first step
> AMD has only been shipping MI300 for the better part of a year now . We were some of the first to receive them . We received them in March , had an issue with what we got , sent it back and we were up and running in April . Since then , we've had several firmware updates to our system . It is finally running well in May . So , really ... it has been about 3 months , not a year . > Certainly they have had MLPerf benchmarks for way longer than they've been shipping . We are an MLCommons member . We've talked to them . They don't have the bandwidth to help AMD get MLPerf running on MI300x . It is a large amount of development work that isn't going to happen over night . There are other higher priorities that the team has . Holding AMD over the fire for this is kind of weird given that we've side stepped this with many other [ real world benchmarks ] ( https://hotaisle.xyz/benchmarks-and-analysis/ ) and we continue to offer our system up . In fact , I myself haven't had any time on our system since we've had others using it , for free , for various benchmarking work . There are two groups that have gone through the queue that we are waiting on results from , and another very high profile group on there now .
I am writing a benchmark suite based on llama.cpp/llamafile and have some results from AMD cards that show some level of competition already . Hoping to share more results soon ! I only have a single AMD card but will be benchmarking MI300X and more consumer grade accelerators soon ( 7900XTX is especially interesting )
They literally did that . Not everything works on CUDA , but majority works with it . That's the problem . ROCm was around for years too , and people used it in specific situations . Unfortunately AMD isn't rich enough to develop both CPU and GPU parts simultaneously , so they are lagging . Others were developing their solutions too . Nvidia just got away with their proprietary stuff plus " AMD " bad crap , especially back during Intel's felony backfired into GPU too .
Mi300 is competing with h100 , mi325 / 350 will be competing w b200 and specs look like it won't get completely smoked . But again it really depends on the use cases , there will be situations where amd smokes nvda and the other way around . It's just a difficult comparison really
Vendors leapfrog each other on hardware releases . It will always be that way . What is important to note is the AMD release cycle is being pushed up . It is also why we are hesitant to buy a lot more MI300x , when we know that MI325x is around the corner . Not sure why people are not talking about that .
AMD AI business is growing so we'll see . The competition is coming . Apple used Google chips to train their AI but they have beef with Nvidia so maybe that doesn't count lol
> this is the first step You seem a little ill informed about how business works . Before you invest $ 100Ms in new tech ( like MI300 ) you generally evaluate it . Evaluations generally involved performance comparisons aka benchmarks . AMD has the data , competitors have the data . But AMD is resisting publishing it in a public forum . Any idea why ? Because they don't look too good , that's why . AMD doesn't want it written in black and white that Nvidia dominates not only PC Gaming but DC performance too . Give props to Qualcomm and Intel . At least they have the courage to put their numbers up for scrutiny .
> We were some of the first to receive them . So you're a tier 1 CSP ? Like Goog , AWS or Msoft ? These customers were sampled last year according to an AMD ER call . When is not specifically known . > They don't have the bandwidth to help AMD get MLPerf running on MI300x You believe that ? I worked in the chip industry for decades . AMD has the MLPerf suite running in their lab , and their key customers also have it running , without question . They may not be helping you get it running , but they're getting results in their lab , just like MI250 and other earlier Instinct products . AMD is intentionally holding out on enabling external results , that really isn't a question at this point . They are not ready to let their results out , likely because they don't look too good . They would rather have unwitting folks make ambiguous arguments claiming parity or superiority rather than showing the data .
That sounds amazing ! Would be exciting to learn what you find out then 😊
Be sure and test scaling too . Anyone can cherry pick .
For inference , nothing beats having enough ram to load the model into memory ...
> Vendors leapfrog each other on hardware releases . It will always be that way . Not true . AMD abandoned the high end segment in PC Graphics , 4090 has no counterpart on the AMD side for example . AMD couldn't keep up for multiple generations , so they quit this segment . To think that leapfrogging is just going on regularly is not the right way to look at this . Blackwell is an unknown quantity at this point . And MI300 has not been submitted to public scrutiny through MLPerf like H100 has , even though it's been shipping for nearly a year . To think they're leapfrogging each other ? Where's the data ?
if people are using it in prod , that means they have spent the $ and evaluated it already . ( see : https://www.amd.com/en/newsroom/press-releases/2024-5-21-amd-instinct-mi300x-accelerators-power-microsoft-a.html ) i am planning to get the data out there and then we can evaluate based on the results . i dont need to speculate about what the company is doing and why , we literally can just test it and find out independently . my bias is this : i want to see the most competition in the landscape and see the software consolidate so that hardware manufactures can produce the most efficient accelerators for the workloads . ive got no allegiance to any manufacturer . i just want good open data u / HotAisleInc may have some interesting info for you
Unfortunately , I cannot comment more on this due to confidential agreements with AMD , but I can say that AMD is being VERY helpful with us . They are working as hard and quickly as they can to improve performance where it is lacking . The recent zero-day release of llama 3 is a great example of that . Additionally , here are some other links ... [ https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/latest/how-to/tuning-guides/mi300x/index.html ] ( https://rocm.docs.amd.com/en/latest/how-to/tuning-guides/mi300x/index.html ) [ https://community.amd.com/t5/ai/rocm-6-1-new-capabilities-unlocking-performance-for-ai-and-hpc/ba-p/691026 ] ( https://community.amd.com/t5/ai/rocm-6-1-new-capabilities-unlocking-performance-for-ai-and-hpc/ba-p/691026 ) [ https://rocm.blogs.amd.com/artificial-intelligence/pytorch-tunableop/README.html ] ( https://rocm.blogs.amd.com/artificial-intelligence/pytorch-tunableop/README.html ) [ https://www.nscale.com/blog/nscale-benchmarks-amd-mi300x-gpus-with-gemm-tuning-improves-throughput-and-latency-by-up-to-7-2x ] ( https://www.nscale.com/blog/nscale-benchmarks-amd-mi300x-gpus-with-gemm-tuning-improves-throughput-and-latency-by-up-to-7-2x )
I'm not a Tier 1 CSP . They might have been sampling them , but that does not mean they were actually being used for work , or customers . Even now , Microsoft only uses their current batch for openai ... they just got another batch for customers , but it is all 1 year minimum commitment . I do believe that because I talked to the one of the people responsible for creating MLPerf . Certainly AMD has it running for MI250 , but as far as I know , MI300x isn't done yet . There are definite performance issues . We've run into a couple of them ourselves . Seems more software related though . You're stating the obvious , AMD not publishing things , is why we've been running our own benchmarks .
yep , it will be open suite with anyone to submit data so we can avoid cherry picking with open data
> Not true . Your example is to compare an apple to an orange and say it isn't a leapfrog . > And MI300 has not been submitted to public scrutiny through MLPerf like H100 has , even though it's been shipping for nearly a year . MI300x has not been shipping for nearly a year . That would be impossible given that it was just announced in Dec 2023 . Even then , it did not get into our hands and useable until just about 3 months ago .
> as far as I know , MI300x isn't done yet At one point part of my responsibilities were getting our most important customers enabled to evaluate brand new silicon . I am very familiar with this process . It's done , it's one of the first priorities in their lab and software team . They just don't want you to have the key BIOS or SW component . Sorry to be the bearer of bad news . EVERY CUSTOMER wants to see and duplicate benchmarks , of any kind , your own , the competitor's , third parties , and certainly the publicly available / accessible ones .
what apple and what orange ? They're both Data Center GPUs . You are not a Tier 1 , your experience isn't Msoft's . AMD has had MI300 silicon in house for > 14 months before they shipped it to you . [ https://www.hpcwire.com/2023/01/05/amd-shows-off-mi300-chip-for-the-first-time/ ] ( https://www.hpcwire.com/2023/01/05/amd-shows-off-mi300-chip-for-the-first-time/ ) edit , and I mis-used the word " shipping " when I meant " sampling " in the snip you clipped above .
Mentioning 4090 ' s and blackwell in the same paragraph is apples to oranges , especially since you're also trying to compare to mi300x . stick to the enterprise when you're talking about enterprise . I'm definitely not tier 1 , but I get a lot of the same insights ... we've run into issues ourselves ... meaning others have run into the same issues .
> Mentioning 4090 ' s and blackwell in the same paragraph Your statement was that leapfrogs happen all the time . No it doesn't , AMD bailed out of that PC segment because they kept losing . That was the point . Nothing to do with blackwell . And to follow your enterprise point , did MI250 leapfrog A100 ? Or MI1xx Leapfrog V100 ? Answer is no . ( But the world would never know because no standard benchmarks were ever published )
Release dates : 2020-05- 14 : A100 2021-11- 08 : MI250 2023-03- 21 : H100 2024-12- 06 : MI300x 2024-08- ? ? : H200 2024-12 ? - ? ? : MI325x Whether or not they are actually competitive with each other in terms of performance is not my point . My point is that each company keeps releasing new hardware on some cadence schedule that " leapfrogs " each other .
But MI250 didn't " leapfrog " A100 . It released later and was slower , not a leapfrog . And we have yet to see compelling non proprietary data that MI300 is faster than H100 across a set of benchmarks .
Above I wrote : " Performance is not my point " I agree , we haven't seen enough data . I'm working on this issue as best as I can . Giving away an expensive Ferrari worth of free compute , is one way . Advocating my connections is another . In fact , I got a couple fantastic emails today , from two different directions , on the MLPerf subject . ;-) The rest is NDA .
That Bloomberg Terminal flex !
Yes , as they should , because most analysts aren ’ t playing in the casino and don ’ t give a shit about kneejerk reactions the day of / day after earnings ER was great . It just wasn ’ t some rainbow glittery unicorn miracle
Thats because there was literally nothing to be negative about . They beat and provided positive forward guidance . Apparently Blackwell is going to be huge . Just some profit taking before another good run . 0 to be concerned about here in this latest report . Buy with conviction
May I know what kind of software are you using that shows you this kind of information ?
What platform is that ?
Frankly , why wouldn ’ t they ? The company is doing f ’ ing fantastic and beat all expectations , making tons of profit and the demand for their product remains strong - and they are top of their game . The market made no sense with this drop and smart money knows it . MMW : It will resume a steady climb .
That's what they want you to think ...
Just before the Dot Com bust in early 2000 , most analysts were really bullish on Cisco too which up until the recent NVIDIA top , was the most rich valued tech valuation in history . Here ’ s a quick rundown : 1 . * * Goldman Sachs * * : " Buy " or " Strong Buy " with price targets around $ 80 - $ 100 . 2 . * * Merrill Lynch * * : Rated it a " Buy " with targets in the $ 80 - $ 100 range . 3 . * * Morgan Stanley * * : " Overweight " rating , targets around $ 75 - $ 85 . 4 . * * Credit Suisse * * : " Outperform " with targets around $ 85 - $ 90 . 5 . * * Lehman Brothers * * : " Strong Buy " with targets up to $ 100 . 6 . * * Piper Jaffray * * : " Strong Buy " with targets around $ 85 - $ 95 . 7 . * * JP Morgan * * : " Buy " with price targets of $ 80 - $ 90 . Basically , everyone was super optimistic including cab drivers and waiters during the Dot Com bubble , expecting Cisco to keep growing like crazy — right before everything crashed .
Was a good ER and a $ 50B buyback is good for long term investors . I wouldn ’ t be surprised if it goes to 140 by EOY .
I agreed . Too many impatient degenerate gamblers here .
OP's screenshot is from Bloomberg Terminal , out of reach from retail but widely used by financial professionals .
Bloomberg … Got the access as part of work . Not a trader but rather an ops guy who uses it to test flows for traders to use ! ! ! Happy to share info
Yea and look where Nvidia is today ..
Not sure I'm understanding you comment , my analyst price targets were for CISCO right before the Dot Com bust , not for NVIDIA .
But the DOTCOM bubble was backed by potential , not actual cash growth and expansion . Nvidia is long term going to sustain itself , people looking for quick and sudden earnings are going to be disappointed once the market actually settles .
The Nvidia bubble is almost entirely also backed by potential , hyperscalers at the moment have little to no actual revenue to show for their investment . Firms have already charted out base , bull and bear for AI-specific revenue for these companies and their ranges are massive . Similar to the Dot Com bubble , if there's no return on investment the end of this capex cycle and if revenue doesn ’ t begin to materialize from AI and these hyperscalers , where does Nvidia's hype train fall off to ? There's no hyperscalers left to pickup a potential supply glut .
Amazon , Facebook … many others were backed only by potential . In one of the funding rounds before the company ( Facebook ) went public a VC was looking at a valuation of 100 times sales , which is insane . He bought and made a killing on his investment These companies aren ’ t in the business of making Coca Cola and banking predictable profits every quarter , these technologies have exponential growth curves not linear . One needs a framework in order to be able to paint an accurate picture of the possibilities at hand . Missing a quarter of earnings ( which they didn ’ t do , they crushed ) is irrelevant and inconsequential for those possibilities . In fact all the bear cases are doubling down now that the stock was hammered but the stock might have very well went up after earnings . If your conviction that the customers are tapped out and won ’ t spend anymore it ’ s fair , I do disagree but it ’ s a fair assumption . But I wouldn ’ t use the recent drop as a confirmation of that at all Also can anyone who keeps saying it ’ s a bubble explain this . If a business today generates 100 in revenue per year and each share is worth 1 dollar , and next year the revenue grows 10x to 10000 and the shares grow proportionately to 100 a share , where is the bubble exactly ? Just because they are large magnitudes it doesn ’ t mean it ’ s a bubble . A bubble has to be large in magnitude and also backed by absolutely nothing
Not sure why you're being downvoted for providing information . Granted you're presenting the bear case with the CapEx spend not materializing into meaningful revenues and profits . There are similarities whether people like to see them or not . The P / E ratio is less rich than Cisco for sure but definitely still prices in aggressive growth over the next few years . Basically if you believe that future tech is going to be driven by AI and robotics and NVDA will continue to dominate the market for GPUs then buying at these prices is a no brainer . But there are still unproven outcomes , like there are with every growth company .
Are you completely oblivious on AI's potential ?
I don ’ t mind the downvoting , it ’ s a symptom of the audience . Many late comers who are afraid of their positions they now hold , view information that is not supportive of a bullish sentiment as “ risky ” .
To be fair a lot of it might be because you used the word " Bubble " which I'm not sure is applicable in this situation . It really depends if you think the mag 7 , nation states , etc are going to not only continue spending on GPUs but advance their spending in that area to grow their data processing / AI capabilities . Clearly NVDA is backing up these numbers currently with 100 % + YoY Revenue growth - obviously that % increase will start to decline over time . How fast will it decrease and will it ever revert is the main valuation question a lot of people have . Unfortunately that's not really up to NVDA - they produce the best in class GPU technology and their clients are the ones that develop the software applications to extract value from that offering . Therefore the unknown is really - is the future as optimistic as Jensen , Zuckerberg and Musk like to paint it or is it more of the same over the next decade ? I'll be honest , I invested late ... bought in at $ 220 , sold at $ 500ish pre-split then repurchased at $ 120 so I do have some anxiety about their future growth . But I think the risk / reward is pretty good .
[ https://sam-weiss.com/blog-2/ ] ( https://sam-weiss.com/blog-2/ )
hes in bed right now with my mum
Chill bag holders . He ’ ll post if he wants to . Don ’ t be entitled , he doesn ’ t owe you his diesel cock .
So far Diesel predictions are all holding . He said earnings were a pure gamble and he was right . The blog post was updated with earnings results . The outlook is good but option traders are likely to get cooked because that was a huge gamble due to short term market response volatility . Listen to this guy and don't get shaken out of your position , especially if you are in the red right now
What ’ s the concern here ? Save you from what ? Did anyone read the report ?
Rely on yourself . Everyone else is a guide . Make your best judgement 👍
Check out his blog . He posted updates there yesterday . Pretty good analysis as always
Where was Dieselcock when the Westfold fell
lets face it . nobody knows shit . ai will go up that is all . already more news about ai on bloomberg .
Trying to wrap his head around the price movement and make sense of a nonsensical market lol
This guy's a fuck tard calling it both ways without specific detailed info . Be more critical about a guy with no real profile to identify himself
I hope she treats him well .
He said it was more likely to go up than drawdown . The latter happened . Nobodys perfect I guess lol
He is out there lighting the beacons
Mad huh , just gonna do what I do every month and DCA . Tis but a blip in the long game .
To be fair the entire market was expecting blowout earnings like always . Nvidia is pulling the same playbook from Apple recently after they announced sales are down which is worse than nvidia . The saving grace for Apple was $ 100billion in buybacks which made the stock jump somehow . The reality is the market is dumb , they still grew faster than any other company of its size .
You wish you were him .
To be fair , it looks like his business model is harvesting emails and eventually monetizing to a paid subscription . He needs to be able to ' have his cake and eat it too ' for suckers to eventually pay for his opinion .
Do I wish I was a finance bro college intern lacky writing " articles " and spamming social media with them under a fake name to try to establish myself as a authority for the sake of SEO or lead gen ? No I don't . I prefer having integry .
I know , that's exactly my point . And people eat home up , that is assuming everyone who loves him is a real person and not his other accounts
Touch grass
So , what all of these hopeium posts are telling me is that NVDA hits $ 200 by ER ?
Magnificent7news.com lololol . I ’ ll bite . I thought I read this like last week tho
We ’ re at $ 1000 after earnings , guaranteed
Don ’ t most hedge funds underperform the S & P500 ?
Fund ’ s recent performance is extremely poor so wouldn ’ t put any weight in what they ’ re doing recently . They are just following a mega trend . NVDA is solid long term … going into earnings its a gamble what stock would do . https://hedgefollow.com/funds/Coatue+Management/Performance-History
If it jumps up beyond 180 I ’ ll have to consider taking profits . I got in late so my cost basis needs at least a 25 % gain for me to consider selling some …
More like $ 420.69 ! ! Buckle up
Wouldn ’ t say it ’ s hopeium . This is just fact . Large funds are highly increasing their position in this stock . Definitely seems as though some stock price growth to be had however 200 may be a stretch at this point .
Notice at the bottom that it's from Benzinga . Not sure how I feel about them .
Plot twist , this is referring to pre-split price .
$ 2000 for sure .
690.420 ?
Yeah , this one looks more realistic
I'll be happy if we end the week after earnings above $ 135
So far $ 130 is looking like a tough resistance .
135 pre . 150 post . 160 + in the 2 weeks after
Price predictions are a bit boring and baseless . How about some revenue and eps predictions for next EC ?
$ 140 pre ... $ 150 after hours into the morning , then sell off after opening bell . Still end green , though , and back around $ 120 within 2 weeks . Then start a slow climb back into $ 130 range after some volatility at the end of September . End the year with a Santa Claus rally near $ 150 again . Disclosure : Holding some Dec 20th $ 105 calls
Will there be a huge selloff after earnings ?
They have the only reliable technology for AI . AI is not a bubble , it's a Gartner cycle . The griftfluencers are the only [ pets.com ] ( http://pets.com ) in the room and they didn't learn a thing from crypto as social media continues to amplify their noise because noise makes money . Eric Schmidt and other current and former Mag 7 CEOs are coming out and telling you what's coming . Who are you going to believe ? But also , I don't have expectations , I set targets and I wait for them . You can set almost any target you want given how high the beta is here and you will eventually get it . Good chance of it hitting $ 150 though after earnings in yet another epic short squeeze and then going wherever else it decides to go .
I have no idea , but I like your estimates .
Pre 125 Post 135
Pre : 125 $ Post : 150 $ ATH Sharp drop to : 130 $ ( on the 29th - 30th )
Pre : don't really matter Post : 150 .
All I know is that I'm not buying calls until next week . Some BS is gonna go down before earnings . Thinking we're rolling red tomorrow , coasting through Friday flat , maybe some swaying early I'm the week but climb from there .
Higher than - 1 , lower than infinity . Hopefully .
NVDA blows out ER and then the Fed slashes rates . Sept will be sweet .
Few care about the offerings . When a company is investing billions , don't expect massive initial returns . Value will come from the inevitable end game . Most people are trading on junk news . Being tricked into panic sells and tricked into hopeful pumps . Not one trader in that majority is thinking , " If I hold a thousand shares , I'll get a few bucks from it . " They are trading on margins , riding waves and making waves . Inactive investors create flat-lines , that always go downward . ( They all dash-out at some point , but aren't buying back in , at the bottom . )
160 day 14
Expecting $ 145
I have the exact prediction as OP . Unless there ’ s a lot of people who really need to see the guidance just to believe that next year Nvidia will start having $ 50b quarters . But everyone should already know that ’ s on the horizon
[ removed ]
* Aug 2024 will reach $ 160 and first to $ 4T market cap * Nov 2024 will reach $ 200 * Feb 2025 will reach $ 240
I think it is going to 115 before earnings as momentum has been broken since Tuesday . After earnings if some shocking news then 150 + immediately at open and possibly closing at 175 . If as expected earnings or small suprise earnings then potentially downturn to 110 as everyone is waiting to sell after earnings
It hasn't gotten to 130 in so many months and they do not have anything different or new compared to other companies how is it supposed to just magically go over 130 $ ? I bought a lot of shares at 130 $ and then it suddenly tanked it was the worst decision I have made .
I think guidance on Blackwell and follow on tech will be positive , even exhuberent . Numbers will be beat . I expect $ 150 post earnings until next quarter with less fluctuation .
150 pre . Pretty much flat post
I have no idea but I own a lot of shares so I sure hope it ’ s good . If it touches 135-140 before earnings I ’ ll feel pretty safe in my position . 130-135 I ’ ll feel iffy . Sub 130 and I ’ m not gonna feel so good lol .
If the market is disappointed it will punish this stock just like it does to all the others and drop it 12 or more % .
I think the thing you need to expect is that this is not predictable , and getting emotional about it meeting or failing to meet expectations is why most active traders lose money .
Pre : 131 Post : 111 Then 155 in October / Novemeber
A lot of hopium here ? I'd like to be a pessimist and be proven wrong . 😁
Post $ 140
[ deleted ]
I have an option call to expire in September . Plus I own 120 shares . Assuming the earnings do well and the share prices go up , gonna keep buying Nvidia
Nvidia will reach expectations and will not outperform - this leads It the market to pull back since a significant “ beat ” was expected . I believe it will drop to 110 within a week after earnings
4-5 million over estimated
150 within 2 weeks of ER .
Agreed but I think tomorrow we break past with the reports coming out
The last rally it touched 140 briefly intraday and then immediately sold off after that . If they smash earnings I could see it rallying upwards of 160-165 in sept / oct before another massive sell off happens .
Hundreds of thousands of calls expiring this friday .
Is Jensen still auto selling the 130 ?
That was $ 90 last quarter . Just look at the previous quarter .
WOULD DIE FOR THIS
I'm retiring with my 67 stocka bought at 80 per share lol . I feel so poor
That is preposterous . This is not just a wild casino game . They got here legitimately . And they will hit $ 150 because they have legitimate prowess
Think that's inevitable . Lot of people waiting for the results to cash in from having bought throughout the last dips
Last earning there was a huge sell off … and that last for 1 day . Then it promptly climbed to $ 140
I hope more people short NVDA ... it will be fun to watch them 🔥
They are projected to beat earning like the past 3 quarters and based on AMD earnings I feel confident they will be bullish
You might get a drop on the 29th . But it will soar on the 30th . Just like the last report . The profit taking only lasted about 1 day and then grew to $ 140
do you buy ATM with month long expiration or … ?
😞 😞
This guy invests !
You think NVDA is gonna hit a cal of 4.3 T ? Absolutely not . You ’ re only mentioning earnings .. you didn ’ t mention guidance at all . Earnings are expected , major blow outs will drive price up a bit , but Guidance is what drives it the most . Your estimates have way too much variation imo . The spread will be much thinner .
Because they're going to beat and then raise guidance lol
Interesting lol . But it looks like some people here will be genuinely surprised if Nvidia has a good report
I project 132 $ tomorrow
So puts on NVDL ?
I second this
Honestly not hope … they have sold an incredible about of their Blackwell gpus and I expect their AI investment to be at record HIGH but I wanna see what other people think cause at the moment I ’ m holding through earnings but if majority is negative I ’ ll think again
Please exit the stock market and delete your brokerage account .
Really ? And how many puts have you bought to have skin in the game of that particular position ?
What reports ? Initial jobless claims ?
I can see it too 😇
There ’ s actually a substantially higher amount of puts open than calls . P / C ratio is 1.14 right now . Put wall at 120 , call wall at 130 . Max pain is $ 122 so we will most likely finish the week around there .
Can you explain how this impacts price ?
Where do you see this ?
Ah I had a feeling . Thanks
at what strike ?
His planned sales ended last week
Have this ever mattered ?
That wouldn't be very useful to you
Won ’ t Powell speaking on Friday affect NVDA ? ? ?
I agree . Short-term price is dictated by trading action , long term price is dictated by actual value . I believe it really should be higher than $ 150 , but sustaining that price short term is hard . Up , down , up higher , down , up higher than the last high ... then back down , lol
I think its going to crush earnings , but like GrayFox said there were a lot of people bag holding that just want to be even and are going to sell off . I'm 350 shares in and 10 Contacts calls for 9/13 at 130 . So hoping I can make some profit .
I'm not worried about earnings . I'm worried that Wall Street will have some stupid bullshit reaction
Amd earnings also had the stock sink over 20 % . You just never know
I'm probably too conservative for WSB sometimes . But I do have Intel calls right now to be fair . I just like a good price . Sick of buying NVDA at the ATH
Update : I bought calls today lol
I love how you guys just assume 3 trillion is the maximum market cap like it's the speed of light or something
lol just a guess I have no idea
That would be great .
I think it ’ s going to be a flat week but here ’ s to hoping !
Inverse NVDA is NVD ETF
Blackwell is not a part of this ER . It won ’ t be till Q4 .
All that could be priced in .. if you think about it , big money aka big companies control a lot of the stock market . Part of deals made behind closed doors are also stocks and such . Big companies like Apple / Google / Microsoft etc have been getting Nvidia chips for years . They obv know there ’ s demand there and so probably also have plenty of investments with them too , much earlier then retail . Theres still lots of unknowns about effectiveness of AI , competition , energy consumption , etc . Often big bag holders use earnings volume to sell some of their bag to get the best avg sell price . It ’ s going to be pretty volatile and probably not in the direction you expect or want
None , i dont do options trading - but i plan to cash out before or if i manage to hit my sell order price of 130 .
Yep consensus is to lose 200k jobs lol … ass Gonna be red
P / C ratio is always high for a majority of tech stocks because of their P / E . Interesing observation for the puts at 120 . It means the floor should be 120 . Let's hope it doesn't go down more .
They'll be exercised causing a massive inflow of buying pressure Just 100,000 Calls is 10M shares Everyone thinks 8/ 28 is going to be a banger of an earnings report So , they all piled in and good news will skyrocket the stock
130 mostly
Nice
Source ?
This comment deserves more upvotes
Yea I guess it ’ s not that crazy after all
Yep
ding ding ding ! ! !
Wouldn ’ t that be even better lol
Honest agreed I had such high hopes for them but Wall Street let us down
it's not , but the acceleration of growth is astronomical . i know we're in unprecedented time , but let's cool our expectations just a bit . it's not going to hit 4.3 T Market Cap from where we're at now to closing on the 28th . I'm not saying we won't EVER hit it , I'm saying that unknownnoname 2424 has a non-realistic expectation of a 175 close .
The job report will be bad to decent but not good it ’ s never been good lol in the 20 years I ’ ve been in this
O damn , pretty cheap , could be big if it drops hard
Wait so your saying the report is gonna be ass but we ’ re still gonna break 130 ? Doesnt make sense to me
BLS revisions were this morning . - 818K jobs https://www.bls.gov/ces/notices/2024/2024-preliminary-benchmark-revision.htm This was 7 hours before your comment
I think it will continue to rally going into the fed rate cuts . What it does after the cuts start and yields revert , who knows . Probably not good for any high high multiple stocks . I guess we ’ ll find out !
I feel like I'm missing out on both the opportunity to make a bunch of money , or lose a bunch of money . I am relatively new to investing so the whole calls / puts stuff is above my paygrade . I did buy a fair amount of NVDA last year when it was way lower than it is now though , so for now I'm just hanging on to my 520 shares and seeing what happens .
so if thousands of calls expire , does the stock ’ s price go down or up ?
SEC filings , he wrapped up 8/ 8 which is also when our slow climb began .
My shares wouldn't care . August 30 calls would get fucked if the limit orders don't hit first .
Wall street expectations are gonna be high for nvidia . I would not be surprised if a modest earnings beat leaves the stock flat . It is hard for most to fathom a company worth more than any other company , mostly through a single revenue stream
You do realize a bad jobless claims works against Nvidia as it calls for further rate cuts = more money away from big tech and into small cap ?
Yea it ’ ll be ass but the fed meeting suggests a rate cut in sept and some FOMC members have come out and said they are open to it first time in a while
Yep , let's hope papa JPow saves the day !
Options can make you a ton of money but you also run the risk of losing everything . If you ’ re ever considering options I would recommend sticking to long dated ITM or DITM contracts , and only buying when IV is low .
Considering how bad the stock is today , buy in right now
When calls expire in the money ( above a given strike price ) , they get exercised , meaning the call buyer purchases the underlying shares at the strike price . Most brokerages have this setup automatically , as you ’ d be missing out buying shares at a discount ( buying them cheaper than they ’ re currently trading for in the market ) . Depending on amount of calls expiring it can cause the price to jump as shares are purchased .
A modest earnings beat would make it tank . The report HAS to be stellar as well as guidance .
They are on track to overtake Apple in terms of profit because their margins are nearly 2x
So you think bad reports = more likely to have a rate cut = people borrowing more money / putting their money back into the stock market ?
I definitely need to do some more learning before I jump into all that , I'm not familiar with ITM or DITM . I know enough to know I don't need to get myself in over my head with something I don't understand yet .
When options are exercised the transfer isn ’ t on the direct market . If the seller is covered , they simply transfer you the shares and transfer the seller the total you owe so it has no effect on price . If the seller is naked then they ’ ll have a negative share balance that they then have to go into open markets to cover , which could drive prices up but is also contingent on people selling options naked which is incredibly risky and doesn ’ t happen often . IMO most of the impact from options on the price of the underlying happens with hedging leading up to options expiry , but not on or after expiry , if that makes sense .
It is definitely scary . I exited nvidia due to my complete inability to understand what to expect . I hope those that are hoping for a big rise in the stock price get what they are looking for
No no you ’ re getting it wrong both reports have different weights to it . The job report is important but according to macroeconomics the reports are usually off as part time and contract work cannot be added to the reports only full time is considered . But yea even though it may be a bad report their are then levels of bad a bad bad is a disaster where half a million jobs are lost a bad is 200k lost . But the rate meeting is the final boss a yes rate cut = any other bad report erased
Yeah this is the best explanation I ’ ve received
Funny how the market reacts to job reports , even last month ’ s was in par with the year prior . It ’ s a summer thing lol . Good thing is the market has a lot of liquidity right now , and corporate buy backs are about at an all time high .
Good for them , nice to see them being persistent in their strategy of copying nvidia a little worse 2 years later . Maybe it'll work out better here than for Radeon .
Great news cause I hold a chonk of AMD as well
Plenty of market for everyone . actually too much market and not enough supply
nvda 130 , amd 150 close today
AMD buys a system house and will jettison the manufacturing side to keep the know how side . Okay . What are they trying to accomplish ? Seems the game to sell more chips has been shifting to further integration ( something Nvidia has known well ) . They obviously want to sell more GPUs and in order to do so , they seem to be being pushed into higher level solutions , systems rather than just chips . So AMD creates an architecture around GPUs , CPUs , networking and software that can be customized per customer needs . What I'm hearing in this move is * * further integration is now the requirement for competitors * * in order to sell more GPUs or compute units . I just wonder if this isn't a parallel to the same struggle AMD had with Intel in x86 . Intel was always defining the platform and AMD was always chasing . Nvidia has been talking about " the system " as the solution for years . In fact , they defined HGX for exactly this type of cafeteria plan during the P100 day . AMD : Welcome to 2016 !
What does this do to NVDA ?
They are hiring the talent . Surprisingly they are planning on selling the equipment and manufacturing .
I don't understand the logic . A server builder is a system integrator , they buy chips from different companies and package them together . It is not a high tech business that requires deep expertise . Why can't AMD use the money to build up the capability in-house , if they have the ambition to elevate itself in the supplier food chain ? It would be much cheaper than $ 4.9 B .
So , they buy a ZT Systems with half of it's employees because costs are too high ( Is this normal ? May fuck the performance of the company ) The manufacturing business projects to begin 2026-2027 ? ? ? I'm no expert , but they basically give NVDA another 2 year lead to dominate the market and make their new technology irrelevant So , when they come out with their new chip , it will automatically be seen as inferior However , the fact that they are willing to wait 2 years to make AI chips is maybe bullish on the fact that they think the trend is here to stay
[ https://www.axios.com/2024/08/19/advanced-micro-devices-zt-systems-buy ] ( https://www.axios.com/2024/08/19/advanced-micro-devices-zt-systems-buy )
* " They really just want the 1,000 design engineers . That's what this is , " Stacy Rasgon , managing director and senior analyst at Bernstein Research , tells Axios in an interview . * * Context : * * Artificial intelligence requires complex computing , and that's why businesses are looking to buy more than just chips , says Rasgon . * Customers want whole systems of hardware , chips , networking and software designed for them , he said . * AMD's bid now for ZT Systems is " a bit of an admission that they were weak here . " * " https://www.axios.com/2024/08/19/advanced-micro-devices-zt-systems-buy
AMD is always a bridesmaid , never a bride . Intel was the bride , then Nvidia ... This is a whole nothing burger . . big deal . . Nvidia is a systems company , not just semi . They are more the Old IBM than they are Intel . . . AMD is basically copying Nvidia's playbook . The problem is they do not have a Mellanox to connect them . They are playing catchup big time .
And ?
Sounds expensive - $ 5.3 B for 1000 engineers , or $ 5.3 million per engineer . And what will be the value of the leftover piece - a very low margin white-box server builder stripped of its engineering staff ? Not much .
You guys are insane lmao
I held them for years , they disappointed me , always second best to my nvda holdings . I sold all of my amd for nvda this past February , so glad .
I did for a few months last year , but got rid of them once the MI300X announcement disappointed me .
I sold AMD and all in NVDA for so long .
Yeah no foresight . AMD could've done this any time in the last 2 years and wouldn't be so behind , but they sit on their ass until the customer slaps them in the face . It's the difference between a visionary leadership and one that's just muddling through .
Nothing , because the only interesting thing would be building a competition for DGX but AMD said to sell the manufacturing part so definitely not going to become a system builder . That is stupid , many companies which order data centers from Nvidia directly buy DGX . DGX is the system where Nvidia builds whole data centers for AI for any customer from HPC to Fortune 500 . AMD needs to rely on partners on this which hurts competition since even if AMD chips are good , a bad partner will still fail to sell .
Mellanox was a great buy by Nvidia but it was logical after NVLink . Nvidia's real moat is NVLink as nothing beats it in connecting x100 GPUs together in speed . Mellanox was critical to start building clusters of 1000s of GPUs . But Mellanox isn't Nvidia only , Hyperscalers use Infiniband with AMD servers as well . But their problem is no NVLink for really high speeds in the first 8-572 GPUs .
Lmao what about the MI300X disappointed you ? I ’ m curious
AMD has been making acquisitions since , * checks notes * longer than 2 years ago . A simple google or even chat gpt will tell you this . I ’ m a holder of both AMD and NVDA and it ’ s fanboys like you that make me groan when I come on Reddit and read this shit
Yep , Nvidia is gonna be a replay of Intel ’ s dominance all over again for AMD . It ’ s too bad for AMD investors , but between software and now system integration , two too slow to react moves . Lisa is cautious and that will limit potential . Will take some time for shareholder to get it , as always .
I wrote on it extensively when it was released . The very slow ramp and revenue guide 3 billion vs 100 billion , the lack of end customers ( the announcement had more OEMs than users ) , the inability to compete with blackwell's rack level systems , the lack of benchmarks .
We're obviously talking about making rack level systems to compete with blackwell genius . Absolutely insane to call me a fanboy , I've been the one hyping up AMD on this subreddit for all of last year and have owned it for large portions of the last 10 years . But come face the facts , if you have both NVDA and AMD for the last 2 years you can just look at your portfolio to see how right I am .
But there is one difference , Nvidia isn't Intel . Nvidia has now a track record of 30 years of innovation and it even accelerates innovation with entering more and more markets vertically and horizontally from chips to whole systems with SW in application framework layers .
It ’ s the fastest ramping product in AMD history … .
But … . AMD isn ’ t doing that either ? They ’ re divesting that business and keeping the engineers for talent … . Genius … ?
yep , on the same page .
And I'm the tallest midget
They're obviously making racks for their own systems , selling the 3rd party manufacturing business .
Idk about tallest but you sure are the dumbest
Also , I ’ m up more on AMD than I am on NVDA . It ’ s literally the second fastest growing company right behind NVDA . Like you make 0 sense
One of the reasons we come to these forums is to learn / discuss and perhaps take away something actionable we didn't already know . You seem to be offended that someone took an alternate side to one of your investments . relax . It's not about you . If you can't discuss the competitive landscape without getting emotional , don't chime in .
I don't know what timeframe would even make that possible . If you don't understand what I'm saying then I guess that's that .
… .. you are actually doing exactly what you are accusing me of . If you actually read our Convo without emotion or your pre conceived thoughts and ideas about NVDA ( your investment ) then you will see I ’ m invested in BOTH and am simply correcting what the guy was falsely saying such as MI300X is a slow ramping product . In fact , most of what I was saying was yes defending AMD with FACTS from someone attacking them which again , is exactly what you ’ re accusing of me . Nice try tho kid . People like you are a microbe of the bigger issue of society , we can ’ t read , think , or interpret data or other people ’ s voices past a 5th grade level .
Yikes , going from $ 2 in 2016 to $ 158 now and even $ 210 in December … again , simple google searches will tell you this
The fact is AMD had to reduce supply this year because there weren ’ t enough orders for the MI300X . One company released a product that is supply capped until “ well into 2025 ” and one is not . It ’ s simple to see that the MI300X disappointed in the face of Blackwell . In the space of AI chips , not being supply capped when companies are spending over $ 40B annually on AI capex is a horrible disappointment , and is a bad ramp for a product .
Nvidia was $ 0.5 to $ 2 split adjusted in 2016 and AMD was $ 2.6- $ 6 in 2016 .
I ’ m sorry , did I say it did better than NVDA ? Have a good day kid
You said you held both , so I assume what you mean is you made more money on AMD because you held less NVDA , making your comment pointless .
I said AMD is the second fastest growing company behind NVDA , it surely is top 10 fastest growing companies in the past decade . My comment was accurate , you don ’ t know how to read , interpret , and discuss . Everything you have said so far has been wrong , that ’ s why you ’ ve been downvoted . Good day sir
Alright have a nice day .
Been long since early 2019 . Up 7 figures . Going to keep holding .
Revenue is going up . Upgrades keep coming in . No worries .
> Just spend some time learning how to make money in bull , bear and lateral markets Get leveraged up and hope you're guessing correctly on which way the momentum swings ? If it was straight forward everyone would be doing it . And I do appreciate those who can do it successfully . For the average investor , picking the right growth company and letting them grow is a better strategy . I've made more money than I ever thought possible holding Nvidia long . But it takes time and patience .
It's the default strategy but also the long term proven best strategy . You can absolutely learn to trade in sideways markets and down markets etc . But most ppl don't have the time to learn how to do it properly ( I count myself among them ) and by active trading , they run the risk of making emotional trades . So you are correct you can make more money trading , but you also run the risk of losing way more if you are bad at it . Whereas , over long enough timeline , you are way more likely to profit from boring old inactive trading .
Nobody is saying buy 1 stock , but if they were they would be saying buy NVDA .
Yeah , there exists a class of people who have no clue what's going on and are just holding out of inertia . Are they on this sub though ? Generally posters here have deep conviction about this company and the technological revolution that's happening .
Just holding does not mean one does not understand how to trade , it's simply a different strategy that works well when you have lower risk tolerance . It is impossible to predict the market . You can make an educated guess and increase your chances of success , but that's it . The thing about short term trading is that stocks tend to be very volatile in the short term , meaning chances of success are lower . Chance of success in short term trading , even when making some good analysis , are almost as low as sports gambling . You can make a lot of money , but you can lose it all just as easily . High risk , high reward , a good strategy for those that have a good salary and can throw some money in their trash bin . No matter how good you are , you need the luck element . Long term trading on the other hand , has a much higher chance of success , like waaay higher , than short term trading . Good for those of us who have a low salary and do not feel good about losing a lot of the very hard earned money . Also , holding is not a strategy , it is just the basics of long term investing . There are multiple long term trading strategies , one of the most famous one is focusing on dollar cost averaging . Another common strategy of long term investing is to buy and forget , a different strategy than the dollar cost averaging that works differently and many investors try , especially those that are investing for retirement . Is long term trading the " default ' as you say ? Absolutely not . Most investors trade short term , thats why 90 % of investors are not able to profit from the stock market . Most investors sell when they see their stock in the red and panic.That is short term trading . Holding for 2-4 years is also short term investing . Long term is anything that is hold for 5 or more years . Many millionares have made their fortunes with just long term trading . Actually , it is more likely to become a millionare if you hold long term than if you do short term trading .
People keep acting like NVIDIA is a pump and dump , but forget how long the company has been in business and how many customers they have . Stock prices go up and down , look at Telsa , is everyone worried the world is going to end when their stock goes up and down ? No they dont , the same should be said about NVIDIA . ​ It moves , if you cannot deal with movement , stop trading individual stocks and stick with VOO
well stated for normal stocks . I had your same attitude with apple and lost out on making generational wealth . If you believe in the thesis of the stock , buy a chunck and let it ride . When the thesis is deemed unworthy , then you trade out .
Cut your losers and let your winners run .
Hi all I come in peace . I don ’ t own NVDA stock but what makes everyone so certain the stock won ’ t follow the same trajectory of TSLA ?
That ’ s not how I think . As a trader , most of the time you are in hold state , either invested or w floating cash . You only trade 20 % or less of the time . Last 12-18 months were little too volatile for NVDA , though even during this time , there were hold patterns . If you see longer duration chart , it becomes obvious . You can make pennies through Condors , or selling options during the range bound period , though have to ready to get out of such trades quickly if stock goes directional due to macro / news .
It ’ s kinda hard predicting the future .
I ’ m up 35 % on this stock I think I ’ m doing fine
I ’ d argue with current IV , day-trading is almost recommended
No liquidity left 🧨
This is going to be valuable to all of the people downvoting you . There are going to be a lot of people losing money because of the " hodl " mindset
Yeah I love the hodl strategy ! Dr Hodl mastered it in 1200s and it is very applicable even now
if you mean by options and day trading most people who do that lose out in the long run . that's also a fact .
Nothing says your stock is now held more by a lot of panic sellers when ' Hodl ' starts getting mentioned more and more . Holders hold Hodlers sell ... every fucking time
People love acronyms . I tend to agree with this sentiment .
nvda gonna be the first 4T company ! hodl !
It's not about clue for me . I'm sure I could pick up the exact rhythm and patterns if I stared at it long enough . But I have vacations to tend to , lol . We're headed down to Ocean City , MD on a spur of the moment thing , and I will NOT be watching the market . Hell no ! I'm in this one for the journey , not the gift shops ! :-)
Can the people who are in for HODL help me understand one thing ? If , worst case scenario , Nvidia ends up getting the same fate as Intel , will you still HODL ? Or are you going to drop this mindset and change your strategy ? If yes then when are you going to know now is the time ? Bad quarterly / annual reports time and time again ? or something else like change in leadership to someone bad ?
Crazy the proliferation of these self-comforting posts . Who ’ s guaranteeing you it will be priced higher in the long run ? NVDA stock is mostly traded in the short term currently , thus the volatility . People that traded the stock long term have already cashed out . The company makes 60b revenu and is valued over 2.4 T where Amazon brings 600b revenue and is valued less than 1.8 t . Making decisions based on hopium and greed is usually not wise . Good luck .
Chips are going to become cheaper , their margins are going to get squeezed in the long run , anyone thinking this is an easy long term hold at the current valuation is delusional
If hold buy and hold is the only thing we ’ re doing here what ’ s the point of the sub at all
Hold the door 🚪 Hold the door . Hoo do door . Hoo do door . Hodor
Hold the door 🚪 Hold the door . Hoo do door . Hoo do door . Hodor
LOL ... what is this nonsense ? > It ’ s ok to say , I have no idea whether nvidia is fairly priced but I hope that in the long run it will be priced higher . But , it ’ s just pointless to pat yourself on the back for sitting through a 65 % downturn . Yeah , it's also Ok to say you don't really understand what you're talking about if you think NVDA is on it's way to a 65 % decline . You just need to listen to GOOGL , META , AMZN , MSFT and their earnings reports and listen to what they've said about their projected AI CapEx , much of which is going to NVDA . The AMZN earnings call talked about how they've got 90 % of their servers on site , 10 % off-site and ' if you expect those numbers to be inverse moving forward ... as I think we all do , that kinda tells you how early we are into this AI buildout . ' That's not the exact quote , so I didn't use quotations , just paraphrasing , but ... if you think it's dropping 65 % , then yeah , get out . Almost no reasonable person expects the stock to drop 65 % again as it did in ' 22 . > Just spend some time learning how to make money in bull , bear and lateral markets instead of preaching virtues of hodling a SINGLE stock , which requires you to ignore the existence of Intel , GE and the fact that most companies in S & P 500 don ’ t stay in the index for more than 15-20 yrs now . That duration has been shrinking . Cool . So ... that portends what for the next \ ~ 2 years for NVDA ? What point are you actually making ? I'm just thrilled apparently not knowing what I'm doing . Bought 1,000 shares in 2020 at \ ~ 48 a share . 4-1 split , 10-1 split ... 1.20 price point . Bought 500 more this year at 488 , 688 , 250 at 770 and \ ~ 820 before the 10-1 split . I'm just fine with NVDA . I may not be the guru you are ... apparently by somehow conflating Intel with NVDA ( that's a REALLY well-run company ! ) ... I guess you're making SOME point ? I'm not sure exactly what it is , but ... it's something . When NVDA comes in at 30B + in revenue and again margins in the 70s ( they may be down a bit as TSM has talked about raising prices ) ... then what are we looking at ? NVDA's biggest problem right now is not being able to meet demand fast enough . That's where TSM's earnings report was helpful as NVDA has gone from 44 % of their business to 52 % per last earnings . Yup . Sounds like a company that's going to see a 65 % decrease .
LOL ... what an obnoxiously arrogant post ! Yeah , everyone patting yourself on the back for holding during this ... 65 % downturn , stop ! Not sure who is or what he's talking about , but sure .
Yup . I was definitely more passively investing at that time , but on the advice of a good friend ( who's an analyst ) , I bought NVDA in ' 20 . 1000 shares . Would I have sold at ... whatever it was , 320 or 360 ( I don't remember ) and bought back in at 120 a share ? Yeah ... obviously . I'd also have sold at 141 and bought back in at 92 if I could time the market that well . I can't . I do have a pretty feel for where NVDA's earnings are headed . 80B the 2nd half of this fiscal year now seems overly ambitious , but Q4 and then Q1 of ' 26 ? I think there is a VERY good chance that happens . But if something changes ... I'll react accordingly .
I hope you ’ re at least taking a little bit of profits at a 3T valuation .
All I need to know . 10k in nvda 15 years ago would be a 375kish return now . I'm all in and sitting for years . Legit years . I trust them as a company not just in the AI space but in general . And if I lose , fuck it
This is my first year , gives me hope . I ’ m holding for 20-25 years , dollar cost averaging .
Cool like jensons leather jacket ! Nvda 🚀
Revenue alone is not enough . Nvidia needs to maintain fat margins . Ultimately , competition will be a real threat , although Nvidia seems to have a sizable moat and jumpstart .
That ’ s a fair statement . If someone holds a portion of their portfolio in growth companies then it totally makes sense . It would be prudent to book profits and rebalance periodically .
95 % of the commenters on this sub are totally confused with regard to either 1 . semiconductors or 2 . stock analysis . I'd say 80 % are confused about both . Plenty of " great companies " see long term stock declines because being a great company is not the same thing as growing rapidly . If you're investing because you think the price is going to go up , you really ought to at least learn about the company and industry as well as how to analyze a stock's price versus its intrinsic value .
Tsla , like most of Musk's companies , is mainly vaporware and only idiots fail to see that . They were and still are far behind other car companies . Nvidia is an actual technological leader .
Tesla ’ s huge ride was largely a product of Elon Musk and a cult of personality . Once he started sounding less like a genius and more like someone who is a bit unhinged ( Twitter waaay-overpay , constant posts about things most Americans would find despicable , need to pick fights and punch down constantly in the media ) , folks started to question if there was more sizzle than steak the entire time . Add in promised tech advances that never materialized or flopped after years of setbacks ( cyber truck ? ? ) , and investors felt they could act on what everyone already knew and spoke about ( even Elon ) , that the evaluation was far too high . And while yes , other companies have entered EV industry following Tesla ’ s initial head start ( like what will happen with chips following Nvidia ’ s head start ) , not everyone can afford an EV or even want one . Whereas the world ( and even Musk ’ s cars ) are all more and more dependent on computers and evolution of chips . Even if you think A . I . is baloney ( you probably don ’ t understand it if you think that ) , ALL the major tech companies are forced to spend towards it . Nvidia supplies shovels to gold hunters , and gold has always had value .
Thanks for sharing your perspective . It makes sense .
Well those asking to hold regardless are predicting that the price will be higher .
Absolutely !
Please elaborate .
Read something this week that I thought was great . Goes something like : original founder / CEO bakes in the love for the company and it ’ s not about money , it ’ s about engineering and growth . When that person leaves , they are always replaced with a finance guy ( ie non-engineer ) , and the company loses something . Nvidia is still in the first half . Companies like Intel have been in the second half in recent years . ( Shoot , since Steve Jobs died , you could say this is true of Apple too . )
Nvidia will make close to 120b revenue this year .
Revenue and margins are not the same lmfao
Guess you should buy Ford . It brings in 176.2 billion revenue and is valued at about . 040T . That is a ratio over 13x better than Amazon's . Is Amazon a hopelessly overbought stock , and people who think it will go up in the next few years on hopium ?
Yes difference is amazons margins don ’ t even compare to those of nvidia
But NVDA has much better profit margins and higher ROE . Comparing revenue is stupid . A large part of Amazon's business is mass market consumer products .
Everyone is lecturing you about margins here as if nvidia can keep those margin levels forever . The real margin for nvidia is pretty clear . Look at their gaming margins of 20-30 %
You should be able to know the difference between Amazon revenue and Nvda Revenue . It is a bad example .
I didn ’ t say it ’ s on its way to 65 % decline . Just said people shouldn ’ t be patting themselves on the back for having sat through one . Context : https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/gidobE4JsD
Yeah I am . I bought a boat last year , doing a renovation and putting in a pool .
I think it'd actually be more than that . 1 10K from 2020 when it was \ ~ 48 a share is 208 shares , 4-1 split , then 10-1 split , 8,320 ... 8,320 X104 . 75 = 871,250 . Either way , that shouldn't be why you sit NOW . That's ... gone . That exponential growth , you're more likely to get that with AMD . You won't see NVDA 4X , 5X at this point . If you'd have bought 15 years ago , just forgetting all the splits , it was like . 33 cents a share . So 10K just for rounding purposes gets you 30,000 shares at that time . 30,000 X 104 = 3.2 M or so .
Fuck yes ! !
Ha , and they are . You know what Nvidia did during the crypto mining era ? GPUs were selling off the shelves , stores were selling out . What did Nvidia do ? They doubled the price of their GPU's and kept supply the same . They are doing the same thing with the current backlog of AI GPU's . You can always count on Nvidia to make money .
By this logic Apple and Microsoft would be doing quite poorly .
I could write pages on this subject but I don't have time . Thanks for your input .
It ’ s true , I fall in to both categories .
Predicting a long term trend is one thing , trying to time the market on a weekly or monthly basis is another . Marco economic events do happen as well such as the Covid crash of 2020 which would render technical analysis during that time useless .
This applies for Meta too , which moves fast .
And so what , Moor ’ s law still apply for chips , in a few years competition will increase ten folds as chips become a worthless commodity , and margin will shrink considerably as a consequence . NVDA is valued at present only because of the hype . People think NVDA will keep riding the wave for another 100 years . There ’ s no way they can keep their current position long term . As a first mover , they can also end up like Intel . Add to the mix their dependence on Taiwan . Everything can happen . I ’ m my book this stock is ideal for swing trading . Never I ’ ll hold this stock long term given the share of disruption coming in the near future .
So ... you made a WHOLE new thread to reply to one person ? And you thought ... ' yeah , this makes sense ! This is a good way of responding , ' as opposed to just ... responding ?
Nice ! Grats
[ deleted ]
What's the gist of it ?
Fair point . One thing I would add is that predicting becomes harder as you move from market to sector to a single company .
Thanks . You know I told everyone I knew about it for years and years too and nobody really listened .
I would just be happy with good growth and \ ~ 150 this year and then after a couple of quarters of Blackwell ... hopefully we can get up to 200 by next year . That'd be outstanding growth and really more than you can expect from just about any stock .
# NVDA 080624 Rosenblatt reiterates Nvidia as buy Rosenblatt said concerns about delays in the company ’ s Blackwell chip are overdone . “ [ NVDA ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/quotes/NVDA/ ) shares are under pressure due to continued rumors of a several-month delay in Blackwell B200 GPUs due to an undisclosed silicon flaw . ”
Here's some pro advice that I pay for . # Nvda 080924 Nvidia can rally 25 percent Mizuho says Mizuho upped its price target on [ Nvidia ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/quotes/NVDA/ ) with earnings on the horizon . Managing Director Vijay Rakesh hiked his target on the artificial intelligence darling to $ 132 from $ 127.50 , now implying a 25.8 % upside from Thursday ’ s close . Rakesh kept his outperform rating . Rakesh said the company ’ s Aug , 28 earnings report should be the next major catalyst for the stock and other AI-related names . He said Nvidia “ continues to lead the charge ” and is the “ winner ” within the graphics processing unit space of AI . More specifically , he said the focus may shift from the B100 and B200 graphic processing units to GB200 and NVL 36/72 . Rakesh added there could be a “ strategic ” shift to air-cooled B200A / 210A models , which he called a “ win-win ” when it comes to both performance and power . Rakesh ’ s call comes amid a recent rough patch for shares after a monster rally . Nvidia has slipped 15 % since the third quarter began , but the stock is still higher by a whopping 112 % in 2024 .
They HAVE enormous margins . They may go down ... marginally as TSM talks about raising prices , but upper 70s in margins are pretty impressive . What do you suppose it'll drop to ? I said in another post NVDA had one problem ... an inability to meet the demand right now . They actually have two . Fix the bugs with Blackwell is I guess a small one , but this is hardly new . They had a delay a last year , AMD has delays . New Tech often comes with issues . Anyone looking at NVDA right now , looking at the next at least year - 18 months , at LEAST through Q2 of ' 26 and seeing a negative trend ? I don't know what to tell you .
# Nvda 080724 Piper Sandler # reiterates Advanced Micro Devices and Nvidia as overweight Piper said on Wednesday that it likes both semis stocks . The firm said AMD is a top pick . “ We include names that we see benefiting the most from secular shifts set to take place over the coming 1-3 year time horizon . These include [ NVDA ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/quotes/NVDA/ ) and [ AMD ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/quotes/AMD/ ) within the compute space as well as ON given its exposure to silicon carbide as well as other company-specific drivers . ”
Definitely way harder . For me the added risk is worth it because leaving my money in index funds won ’ t get me anywhere even if I leave it there for the next 40 years .
I shouldn ’ t say “ harder ” but rather the specific risks to account for increase .
I did the same for Tesla in 2018 . Bought most of my position at $ 12-15 , people were actually laughing at me . I diversified in NVDA back when it was $ 400 . It paid for my wedding and a long honeymoon all around France ( and ended up with more TSLA shares ) Those are back in TSLA atm ( sold Nvidia at $ 800 ) but was hoping to get more Nvidia if it goes closer to a 2T valuation .
You're just copying and pasting analyst report headlines ... How does this not constitute spam ?
You pay for that ? There's not a single sentence there that is novel or interesting . This is the literally just the same thing you could find on any financial news site . What do you pay for this " pro " advice , if you don't mind me asking ?
That's great . I wish I had believed in Tesla more back then .
BS ; how the heck is this scam ? The poster is helping others learn of different upgrades from top brokers ; you don ’ t like it , don ’ t read .. / skip ahead .
CNBC Pro has made me a multi millionaire .
There is nothing I love more than an awesome company with a stock in the dumpster . Those are the best opportunities .
Stop trying to explain it to them , they will never get it . ​ People have trouble understanding that paid services get you info before others ... first to news get to ride the market .
They are building the hype so they can sell into the people who buy at the top
Bunch of flip flops . Makes a teenage girl look decisive .
Until it's not . Never be in love with a stock .
ig ill buy more at 140
Yep . That ’ s how you lose money .
You sir win 🥇 the internet today .
Might as well be reading motley fool
But the whole market is falling .. not just nvidia
its hard to predict where the price may end up falling , just keep DCA-ing for dips . eventually the market and the stock will recover and we will have green days again
I kind of wish it would just go to $ 90 and fill the gap . It keeps teasing it
Ima keep DCAing so it ’ s all G
Nvidia is going up and down like my wife ’ s mood 🤣 You don ’ t know what you ’ re getting …
Today was a good buying day . I like it when I can buy stocks on sale .
I ’ m ready to buy more
Ig its time to join wendy ’ s now for the time being
OP : “ it ’ s the last gap ” Narrator : “ it in fact , was not the last gap ”
Buying opportunity before earnings in a few weeks ! !
First time i ’ m hesitating to sell , i ’ m still up 50 % but it ’ s beginning to hurt a bit . I would still buy again later if I do
Theres a gap at 95 , then another big one at around 70 . Lets hope it doesn't go that low
Lots of ITM calls at $ 100 would support
i told you guys its going to 90 , you all laughed at me
There's a gap in my account , I would like to have NVDA fill that .
A couple of upgrades today will keep that from happening .
Market manipulation at it's finest , piss me off so much I bought more .
Next week the $ 96 gap coincides with the rising wedge and fib chan on log weekly chart
AYYO MY PREDICTION
[ removed ]
95 to 100 is bottom to 170 it will go by month end
the fact it isn't filling the gap these last few days , and the fact that the DOJ wants to stop them from buying two israeli startups aimed at optimizing GPUs , AND the fact that H200 buyers make $ 7 for every $ 1 invested is beyond bullish . [ https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/for-every-1-spent-on-nvidia-infrastructure-cloud-service-providers-can-earn-5-in-gpu-hosting-analyst-1033508893 ] ( https://markets.businessinsider.com/news/stocks/for-every-1-spent-on-nvidia-infrastructure-cloud-service-providers-can-earn-5-in-gpu-hosting-analyst-1033508893 )
There ’ s resistance from buyers grabbing what they can at what they perceive to be near bottom .
What are you talking about ? The barrier for the stock seems to be between $ 100 and $ 103 - especially with just a few weeks before earnings The whole market is down - especially tech - so it ’ s not just Nvidia . There ’ s the ever present concerns about an imminent recession , which to be fair it may happen , but we ’ ve been hearing about for years
All the people saying the stock may sell off more are either just bears that are louder when the stock actually drops some , people who lost money on options or just got into the stock , or people who freak out when stocks drop and their reaction is that of course the stock has to drop more Like there ’ s articles saying Nvidia could drop 50-80 % - that ’ s insane . Especially right before earnings which should be really good again
Classic inverse redditors . Guy said we will go to 95 and we did not .
Wrong , hindsight 😊
Glad I sold at $ 135 😅 moving the money to more diversified investments
What i think … This is a double bottom . We have bounced off the foundational support . May keep dropping below 100 but will get bought up very quickly . Eventually will break resistance when the panic sellers are finished . I predict 7 sessions
But it didnt
Guess it will fill the gap on Monday , Blackwell is delayed for 3 months or more .
It ’ s paper gains & loss , unless one books it . As a wise man once said , https://tenor.com/bOz87.gif
100 is baseline .
So what do you think about oil since the war in Middle East is about to expand
Even at $ 50 , this stock is valued perfectly
One down day and the sky is falling . I bought 70 more shares on Friday at 105 . Will bag another 100 shares if it gets close to $ 95
I don't want this to happen , but there's also a major gap in the mid - 70s . I don't think it'll go lower than that . With rate cuts , we might see 200s in two years .
Need to close the gap at 50 as well
$ 95 ? I won't be happy unless it hits $ 59 today ! Full speed ahead ! Blood in the streets , alpha in the sheets ...
You ’ re forgetting the one at 70ish …
Coca Cola always goes on a massive run when market tanks
But the whole market isn't falling . Tech got destroyed this week . Healthcare did amazing . I encourage you to understand how the market is divided into sectors and how they each act under difference economic conditions .
The only things that looks good on my portifio is my YINN put and SGOV .
I know
Eventually ? ? there ’ s no guarantee that the stock will attain its ath . We all are in a damn hope that it will . If there ’ s such guarantee intel wouldn ’ t be trading at today ’ s price . The whole permabul mindset is valid for indices but for stocks it ’ s just a hope .
Same . This is just painful
How do you guys DCA ? My idea of DCAing is to buy 100 shares , at below 105/107
I feel you . I myself am married as well
True
Why not McDonald ’ s ? Maybe you can fix the ice cream machine
Enlighten me , where ’ s the gap after 95 ?
Man , don ’ t sell . I wanted to sell yesterday @ 119 , but I didn ’ t . I ’ m waiting for 125 . Hang in there !
There ’ s no way the one at 70 will get filled anytime soon . That won ’ t be filled for at least one year .
Where do you think those calls would take the stock to ?
I don ’ t know about $ 90 , champ
My pocket is missing Bill Gates , I would like 20 billion dollars .
You sure about that ?
Indeed . We could see green though today .
So , $ 85 in two weeks ?
Roast me in the comments
End of what now ?
Who is your dealer
Mhmm … why do they care so much ? They should just buy at any point today … it ’ s on sale . Might not see this price again next week
Tell me I was far off when it hit below $ 102
50 % would mean its price would be $ 90 , and a lot of people in here are hoping for $ 90
You ’ re welcome I guess ?
Yes and thank God for that
And you didn ’ t buy today ?
All these panic sellers man … so annoying tbh
Hmm …
What about the gap at 30ish ? Just for the lols
🚀
I don ’ t believe that ’ s a gap
Not a gap that ’ s gonna get filled .
Hop on a train . Go somewhere . Buy a smoothie or a milkshake . Maybe go out with some friends . Instead of waiting 2-3 years to get happy , do something today .
Bruh
Nah I wouldn ’ t call that a gap , champ
People will still drink Coca-Cola in the hardest time
BRB trading my NVDA calls for KO calls
because its such a solid stock . it may as well be a separate investment vehicle to buy .
Why is that ?
Small caps got hit
It ’ ll go under $ 100 next week . I think it ’ ll be a red week next week or maybe even the next two weeks and then a week before earnings we may see a quick rise to over $ 125
I generally do $ 1000 worth sometime in the month but sometimes more or less depending on the prices of shares
Shit's been broken for the last 5 years !
Your ass is the last gap that ’ s going to be filled
I ’ m hesitating , still 50 % profit is not bad for me but i ’ m still holding .
True but i think you are right we probably touch 95 at some point today or next week
you will eventually
Yeah , nothing wrong with that either .
You can , just do what he did .
It's free fries day at Wendys and McDs . Those are the only 2 things I am sure of today . I will need free shit today with my balance sheet taking a beating the past 6 weeks .
by end month
pelosi
For like a minute .
No , I sold all my individual stocks in mid-July , took my gains and moved them into ETFs , better for me long-term
Lol , that will be super sale . Everyone will go in with all assets and shoot back to 140 in 1 second
Train ? We're on the express elevator to hell . Going down ! ! !
Might not be a gap , but it's pretty solid support
Alcohol too , load up on some Diageo ! Lol
But everyone moves to small caps
No it will go below 100 today and shoot up to 120-125
Okay . What happened is I had 3,000 shares accumulated over 2-3 yrs , sold em all at $ 132 , and lost $ 100k in SOXL . Now I ’ m back at 525 shares with average price of $ 103 . No more leveraged funds for me . EVER !
I heard whoever fixes the ice cream machine gets to own it
I ’ m sorry , what ?
Mhmm . Maybe in October
What are you waiting for then ? PayPal me .
Can ’ t say no to free fries
Who ’ s your insider ? Tell me
Probably
As somone who was born there he'll is actually nicer then the surface
Yeah … you ’ re gonna wait 2-3 years
😂
Moved *
Would be nice to see , but I ’ m not holding my breath . Only thing I ’ m holding are these bags haha
Haha yea I did 7 covered call contracts right before earnings and the thing went up $ 75 per share overnight or something crazy and all my shares got assigned away . That was 2 splits ago so I feel the pain loll
Apparently there is shortage of McDonalds ' ice cream machine fixer dudes lol
The gap in your asshole , it ’ s gonna be filled
I would be buying hard if it reaches that low
I told him , he said he doesn't use paypal now that the CEO switched to support the Orange .
Goin green .
her name is research
Who has that kind of time just lying around ? Not me !
Some dude in an investing group on Facebook told me the stuff that ’ s going on this week is due to NFP week . Looks like he ’ s right .
Man be serious , why you gotta say gay stuff
Disgusting attitude and mindset
This is not a wallstreetbets subreddit .
Why are you behaving in such an aggressive manner towards good people on this board ?
Why not buy now ?
I forgot , he uses some edgy stuff .
I know . I apologised to my wife , then it rocketed . Should apologise more often
So you researched and came to the conclusion that NVDA will hit $ 170 by EOM ? $ 130 EOM would be great .
Also , everyone and their momma would sell NVDA stocks for months if it hits $ 170 EOM
Better get a hobby then
Strongly hope that ’ s the case . Selfishly , I am kind of glad we are seeing another dip . Missed out on this week ’ s earlier dip to pick up more shares because my pay didn ’ t hit account until this morning . Hopefully my PTs are hit for purchase haha
Nfp ?
NFP clearly stands for Ninety Five Price .
I did buy more today . But I ’ ll also buy more if it drops lower too
Whatever it takes . Went from down 114 large to down 30 now . I think we go green . Crazy mkt .
Glad I have no wife in the picture . She'd have a heart attack with my money moves .
I picked up 43 @ 105.50
Nonfarm Payrolls
Nonfarm Payrolls
If you are so sure , then surely you ’ re shorting the stock
Good . Some dude on Facebook told me what ’ s happened this week is due to it being NFP week . If he ’ s right , the stock will rocket next week . If he ’ s wrong , we could be bleeding next week as well
How much you down ?
Congrats ! I set my PTs at 100 . If it doesn ’ t hit , oh well haha
Ty
I don't dabble in derivatives , I buy when there's blood in the streets and hold until there's alpha in the sheets . Clearly AI is all over with and we're going back to mechanical Turks for everything . Everything except for cleaning toilets . That will be on all of us to clean our own toilets in the new Butlerian Jihad future : make no machine smart enough to clean up doodoo , kaka , dootie or boom-boom !
Well if it bleeds next week will just buy more 😈
Down 600 since 6-18 . It was the houses money of course . I am way up the last 2 yrs . Can't complain .
There's quite a few things that went right for NVDA this week . We just got caught up in some collateral damage . Nothing has changed at NVDA . Spending , on ai , will increase next quarter per all the mega cap companies . It's all good .
Thanks . One of my friends picked up 15 @ 119 yesterday . Yikes .
Alright Kevin Hart , we got you
We got caught up on the big pay checks ! The rich got 10x richer today !
Oof . Picking up on a green day is a good way to get burned in the short term .
Ask Dave Chappelle what he thinks of Kevin Hart .
What do you mean ?
Short guy ?
Nofarm Payroll … today ’ s the first Friday of the month
Short against the wall , portfolio standing tall .
I see . Forgot about that report today . So much else going on . This came out late last night and rocked NVDA in overnight trading when the news came out . # Nintendo profit falls 55 % as sales of its ageing Switch console plunge
Yes , the non farm report . Saw that earlier . More negative news to pile on the mkt today .
Man you funny , when ’ s your All-Round tour
As soon as NVDA hits $ 200 , I'll self-fund my own one-man musical adaptation of The Matrix : Honey , I Ate Both Pills !
$ 200 ? Oooohhhh sunshine , where you at my sunshine
Hedge funds pay millions to PR firms to generate posts at specific times to drive stocks down . Nobody should rely on social media to drive their buy or sell decisions .
Ah yes , Nvidia is ... * checks notes * ... dirt cheap at over 3T .
Shit doesn ’ t work this time . NVDA to the moon ! We are buying East Indian company when it first launch ! And people are Fucking dumb that Jensen selling his shares indicates bad conditions of the company . Because Jensen needed to pay tax as well.And he applies to sell his shares a year ago .
All of this guys posts are beyond idiotic . Where was the analysis in this post that is marked as analysis ? There isn ’ t one . No I ’ m not trying to time to the top nor am I shorting NVIDIA as I am still holding my shares but I ’ m also not going to be blindly loyal to a stock or a company . This sub truly has become cult like and not objective based . This OP was the same idiot who was saying stuff like “ when I say buy a stock you listen ” and thought that the Nvidia rally this month was predictable by doing a TA with Nvidia charts lmao . Guy was absolutely clueless to rest of the market rally and the macro economic data released by the Fed and by Japan saying they weren ’ t going to raise rates on Yen . This could not wrap his head around the fact that the correction and recent rally have been about 90 % macro economic related and nothing to with Nvidia .
Everyone wants to make money . If you ’ re reading this as a bear and you wanna make money , let me give you a tip : Buy . Fucking . $ NVDA
AI isnt a bubble
These options desperation posts are wild .
Your post is of the exact same speculative quality and serves the same intent as the other “ nonsense ” posts , to support your position . The market doesn ’ t care about your feelings nor your gibberish monologue . Investing is not a team sport .
This is a stupid theory - no put / short position here but trust me : the halfwits posting about short , even if they have money in the game . That put position and you being scared and selling your shares isn ’ t going to move the dial on this at all … ..
NVDA is oscillating between 128 and 129.5 today . The ceiling of 130 hasn't really been broken yet and there's another wall at 135 .
Ah yes another " hold the line " from a sophomore level poster . Uhh thx bruh ?
I have a headache ! I need this stock to move to the mid $ 130s already
Nvidia are AI market leaders . AI will change the world . There is $ here
I'm all in putapreads at $ 120
Everyone is enthusiastic when it rises and silent when it falls . Best to take emotion out of it and focus on risk . It ’ s ok to trim .
I ’ ve been in and out of NVDA for years , was a huge bull up until around the 700 ’ s where I sold all 2000 of my shares and haven ’ t looked back . IMO yes the company is printing money today but the stock is grossly overvalued at anything above $ 100 . This isn ’ t about one valuation ratio , it ’ s a combination of unsustainable margins , customers spending way more than they are earning on AI , an unbelievable valuation considering the market cap , and a boatload of antitrust and geopolitical risk . I ’ ve seen waves of mouth breathing bears with the absolute stupidest arguments when this was 300 , 400 , 500 , but now I ’ m seeing the exact opposite . A wave of FOMO chasing retail gamblers who are speculating that a 3 trillion dollar company is going to just easily jump to 10 trillion . It ’ s absurd , and the only reason these valuations exist is because of there are few good options to put tour money into , the options market , and massive FOMO .
And just like that … sentiment changes as NVDA rallies … . here come these posts of exuberance ! At least until the next sell off when crickets appear . Where was this post when NVDA was in the 90 ’ s lol .
Jensen is selling . 003 shares was part of a contract and even in theory . That ’ s barely profit taking . This post has no merit .
Nvidia is cheap as long as the growth is huge . When the growth stops , Nvidia is not cheap anymore . You never know if and when that will happen .
Too much to read , im bearish .
Unless you just inverse whatever the social media is saying lmao
Absolute market cap does not denote growth rate _checks notes _ Ah yes a 28 forward PE at the August bottom of a 100 % YoY growth rate company , that ’ s definitely too fucking expensive . Tell me you don ’ t know shit about fundamentals without telling me . Go back and crawl into your fucking hole 🐻
There gonna some dip and bullshit news about Nvdia before earnings . I gonna buy at this point . But I will buy some short term put just to be on the safe size .
But what if I buy puts and ride NVDA to sub $ 100 dollars then load up ? Sounds better to me that way . NVDA was $ 98 2 weeks ago , if earnings don ’ t smoke expectations I think NVDA tumbles back to around $ 100 . I had a put position that I exited 2 days ago , I ’ ll most likely re enter it Monday as long as NVDA is $ 125 +
Shittttt next week is earnings either the damn breaks or the trees shake
lol ahhhh another Copium comment from a time the top joy and happiness hater .
It ’ s got a bloody strong resistance at 129.5
133.94 stock price is a milestone number for me
I'm just curious , which social media network have you seen go quiet when Nvidia goes down ? It brings the whole market down with it . It isn't possible to find a quiet spot during those times . There are always Reddit posts to discuss what is going on if it goes down , or if it goes up , or even if it goes sideways .
Spot on brother
This !
top fin . analysts say differently . And here you are with your wisdom ...
100 % I posted when it was down . I am an NVDA Bull all the way . Sucks when it goes down for sure but the thesis hasn't changed . BUY NVDA
Not happening this Q that all that matters
Wow , thats a strong reaction . People can disagree even if they understand the basics , but if you can estimate exact market value for NVIDIA then all the power to you . If its a 5T company in a 2026 , I'll surely feel like a fool . I moved to space stock early this year , because they were dirt cheap , e . g . ASTS at around $ 10 .
His outlook isn ’ t bearish he ’ s just saying that it ’ s not a complete steal and that growth going forward is still limited . I have like 70 % of my portfolio in NVDA shares and calls but I ’ ll have to admit that I think growth going forward is limited . This ’ ll probably get me downvoted but I personally don ’ t see the stock being able to push much more than another 400-500 % increase by 2030 . Which are still crazy gains don ’ t get me wrong , but still many small cap companies such as ASTS have a lot more room to grow . So in a way NVDA is a good deal now but in other aspects there are stocks with a lot more room for growth in the coming years .
I agree with this sentiment .
we are also 40 % above the august bottom now
You realize earnings is on Wednesday , right ? Pretty narrow window there chief
Joy and Happiness Hater ... cracked me up .
Stock getting hammered
Mostly here on Reddit . Lack of posts when it is down in this sub in particular . It isn ’ t just NVDA bringing the market down . There are other mega caps too .
All right I stand corrected
Probably not but if the growth starts decreasing it ’ s the same result . You never know when .
Good for you man ! I ’ m in 4200 shares in ASTS too at an average of 14.40 $ . I feel it will far exceed my NVDA holdings in the coming years . This company has a lot of room for growth .
Getting into Nvidia at a 28 PE in mid August was the literal definition of a steal , and that was at what , 2.6 T market cap ? My statement still strongly stands . It was an idiotic remark .
lol don ’ t compare nvda with a penny stock . Makes you kind like a dumbass
My exact thought
Maybe you and I have a different Reddit ? . Every venue , news stations , journalist , social media , you name it , everyone is saying the market has fallen by " X " hundreds of billions of dollars when it happens . There is no quiet place .
You know it's not anytime soon already or you're not paying attention . The leading indicator of that will be the stagnation of academic research which is currently far ahead of what's on the market and still going full steam ahead . But I know , I know , all academics are just dangerously crazy marxist socialist America-haters coming for your guns and forcing you to change your gender and then coerce you to get gay married at gunpoint with your own guns ! You can learn everything you need to know from the prestigious Trump University and The Holy Bible . After all , you can't spell ANTICHRIST without A I . It's right there ! How are we so blind ? ! ? ! ? ! ?
I bought the dip , for what it ’ s worth . But again , he ’ s right . Most of the major growth has already come and gone . NVDA isn ’ t going to climb several thousand percent in the coming years like everyone on this sub seems to think . It could feasibly do 100-400 % ( again great gains ! ) , but there ’ s no way we ’ ll see anything close to the kind of growth we saw over the past decade in the next one . And that ’ s entirely due to its massive market cap . Now , I ’ m not saying it ’ s a bad time to buy ( far from it ! ) , history shows it ’ s almost always a good time to buy NVIDIA but percentage growth will inevitably slow down as its market cap continues to grow . Which is what I think the original commenter was trying to say . So no , not an idiotic comment and no not a bearish one either .
Kinda behaves like one when it moves 40 % every few weeks
Can ’ t help you . Different opinions and in the end really isn ’ t important . I was just making an observation . The main point I was making is it ’ s ok to sell for profit .
Huh ?
TLDR : Math is hard , trust WSB posts instead !
Get some air , buddy .
Apparently means : essentially no effect except slight $ 3 dip . 😂
At this point only bad news will cause the stock to go up
There is not much direct dependency , but the stock direction does correlate . NVDA has way higher margins and contributes just 10 % of TSMC sales . In comparison , Apple contributes over 25 % of TSMC sales ( although of different / cheaper kinds ) . If at all , look at SMCI for revenue comparison , which directionally was higher . However , given their business model , SMCI's realized revenues are delayed as they manage a large inventory , and their margins are low . Nvidia doesn't have those crutches . The general expectation is that Nvidia's financial numbers will look pretty good again . IMO , this selloff was overdone .
This was already explicitly expected by all sources and basically confirmed by tsmc itself repeatedly from past monthly releases . So it has already been more or less baked in . The only thing that can really lift nvda in this environment right now is a kick ass ER beaating top and bottom with room plus a handy raise in guide , plus other interesting AI utility tidbits . Anything short can send the stock lower again .
If Nvidia doesn't hit , the whole market is toast lol
Not to get too off topic BUT since the article is related to TSM / NVDA . Are folks aware TSM has a quarterly dividend of . 49 ¢ per and even Broadcom has a Q dividend of . 53 ¢ ? Since these companies supply components for the semiconductor sector and TSM specifically to NVDA new AI blackwell chip . Thought that it was interesting if someone looking to diversify their portfolio in companies that have yet reach $ 1T market cap but stay in the semi sector . NOTE : this is not an advertisement to not invest in NVDA . My portfolio is weighted by 25 % with NVDA stock , which is bout 15 % more than I usually allocate to a company / stock . Just found it interesting that most big tech companies don ’ t pay dividends or very little until recently with APPL / META . Google , Amazon , NVDA , TSLA do not . I believe MSFT does and they pay the highest but you ’ ll have to invest 2-3 x more in MSFT vs TSM / AVGO . ✌ ️
It ’ s bullish , the MM are realllly trying to hold things as they are for the weekend though . Upward movement is hitting a ceiling of resistance .
Paywall but yeah it's all good news .
Any one any estimates roughtly where Nvda will be this time next year
Even with the delays , Blackwell is in production at TSMC . Lead times are very much still a thing and iirc TSMC sales would start like 6 months before anything gets to a customer
Max pain on Friday was 105
Yeah ... It make it even more funny when somebody talks about fundamentals ... At least in the short term , they mean nothing . The news of TSMC could not be more bullish for NVDA ... And the stock goes down ... :-) And for somebody saying it was priced in , how do you price in a major revenue surprise from TSMC ? ? ?
Till jensen released more news and smites the price back to the 90 ' s again
I feel that in this market climate , indirect and uncertain positive indicators for earnings is not enough to move the needle . We are in fear mode . Indirect uncertain negative news does seem to effect it though
Google and Nvidia do pay a dividend . It ’ s small , but it ’ s there .
It was up like 2,5 % in Europe / premarket . Then MM / BoJ / etc started dumping on us
Uselessly small
QQQ is part NVDA .. no big surprise those moving together ..
Market forces .
USD / JPY going down means the Yen is going up which is not tandem with QQQ from this chart
I checked , you are relatively right . I checked MSFT , GOOG and AAPL , they all have a similar pattern just different variance . This means for the last couple of months whenever its a green day for one , its a green day for all and if its a red day , its a red day for all albiet to different % s .
They do , in fact , move together in highly orchectrated fashion . This is because they are controlled
This is part of the carry trade effect . Financial institutions borrowed from Japan , not just in the recent past , but some from 30 years ago ! , let's say at 130 ¥ / 1 $ . They invest in the indices and companies you mentioned . Until July 11th , not only did the share prices go up , but the buck at ¥ 130 went to ¥ 162 . A very nice exchange rate gain . But that came to an end , and now all eyes are on the jpy / usd , and they are all humming , Should I stay or should I go now . I should also mention Japanese IRA plan accounts called NISA , are also heavy in nvda et al . They are ofc not on borrowed funds , but are exchange rate sensitive .
If you ’ re not buying your Nvidia shares with borrowed Japanese Yen , you aren ’ t doing this right . 😛 😜 🤪 😝
Its like comparing GOOG and GOOGL . Outside we are different but inside we are same same .
Ok … BUT why would the Japanese yen follow the Nasdaq / QQQ in its movement ? That makes absolutely no sense . So since there is absolutely no market force that would cause the yen to move based on how US markets are doing , then it is obvious the Nasdaq / QQQ are following the movement of the Japanese yen . Not the other way around .
Nope , US retail investors cant get a loan from a Japanese bank using the Japanese interest rates for use in making bets on the market … . but investment banks and hedge funds can . No trading platform available to US retail investors allows them to get margin ( which is borrowing for retail investors ) with interest on that margin set at the Japanese interest rates that will give the margin to you in yen , then let you buy US stocks with that yen , which effectively converts the yen to US dollars , and then allow repayment of the use of that margin back to that trading platform in yen . That is basically what these banks and hedge funds are able to do - its not available for retail . I dont have a portfolio worth trillions like JP Morgan , Bank of America , and all the other big investment banks … retail will have some effect on prices during the US trading day on individual stocks , but not near enough to counter the power of all these investment banks and hedge funds that actually make the entire market move .
exactly QQQ has holdings like TSM which also just follow NVDA .. so QQQ is pretty much like buying NVDA with a little diversification .
Investor confidence is raising seeing Japanese and asian markets recovering . that can be the only correlation .
I know . I ’ m just joking 🙃
I thought it was hilarious .
How do you all feel about apple ’ s cap ex ? I don ’ t like how much less they are spending . If they come out and say hey look , you don ’ t need to spend that much for the ROI on AI , that will be a risk . That said , META is showing the most ROI now and they are spending so so much . So I guess we will see . Best case is that Apple comes out next year and significantly ups their spend on NVDA . That would be sweet .
What does this indicate
META also said they bought 600k H200 ' s recently
What is capex ?
for that , we ’ ll have to call buffy and ask why he sold 50 % of berky ’ s aapl holdings
Apple hasn ’ t spent any on NVDA , just GOOGL chips . Doubt they are spending any on NVDA chips at this point if they haven ’ t bought any so far . Their AI seems to be dependent on their own silicon , and if they can ’ t , leveraging OpenAI .
apple isn't spending anything on GPUs . Their model is to re-invent the wheel . dumb . They are and will remain years behind .
They ’ re buying a motherfuckton of GPUs
It ’ s a goddamn billboard saying “ we ’ re going to spend a motherfucking fortune on Nvidia hardware ” .
Capex or capital expenditures , the hyperscalers have indicated they're investing in AI infrastructure . Translation : funneling $ $ to NVDA ... If the inference bears out , both NVDA's earnings and forward guidance next week should meet / exceed expectations .
Spending money - . Capital expenditures
Capeesh ?
Interesting
He responded to why he sold it in a recent meeting . I ’ d have to dig around for it but the general idea wasn ’ t that he thought it was going downhill .
Strategically I don ’ t think it makes sense for apple to be dependent when they have their own silicon options . They ’ re the owners of the Apple Store and know exactly how much of a money printing machine that is . I think they ’ ll take steps to put themselves independent so they can pursue their own AI initiatives and / or supply the market .
Very few people are using TPU from Google . Google is still buying more NVIDIA GPUs then they are building because TPU is limited . If Apple is leasing chips from Google or opening , it's mostly NVIDIA . TPU isn't comparable which is why Google earnings hurt them , they have poured money into developing their own and buy nvdia chips is still way more profitable for them .
AAPL is definitely spending money on NVDA
Could we read anything into apples CFO moving on to a new opportunity in the company ? Reads like a forced move . My subjective and biased opinion says that apples paltry cap ex numbers on GPUs is what did him in . I bet I ’ m 100 % wrong .
Google trains and runs on their own models on their own TPU . If you are using tensor flow their TPU v5p is the fastest accelerator on the planet . Amazon runs and trains all their own models on their Trainium chips . Microsoft is building Maia which is their own accelerator for their data centers . Facebook is rolling their own too . These won ’ t be the biggest customers in 2 years times . Probably Chinese companies .
Bro I just have this terrible gut feelings NVDA is gnna miss earnings
Msft , Googl and Amzn beat earnings - but stocks dropped due to lack of clear ROI for AI capex in general , nothing to do with inhouse vs external .
> If you are using tensor flow their TPU v5p is the fastest accelerator on the planet . Source ?
Eric Schmidt said that there is $ 300 Billion USD flowing into NVDA https://youtu.be/WOLrv-ypfXc?si=kP2jnryPPO1mCnDo
Google confirmed I August they are still buying more NVDIA GPUs then they are producing . Tpu is very specialized and limited , it isn't comparable to NVIDIA chips , which is why they keep buy NVIDIA for people to lease because people aren't using their chips and if reports are too be believed ... neither is Google Amazon has multiple joint ventures with NVIDIA . Microsoft and Facebook are still in early development .
Lmaooo
Have you kept a log of the track record of your gut haha
We trained a couple of simple models . It is a one trick pony but if your are doing Tensorflow it is the way to go . If you want to train locally though you are shit out of luck .
Trust me bro
Even if true , $ 300 billion going into a $ 3.3 trillion company should be about their yearly revenue . That is baked in to the prices as is .
Yes . They are buying them for the customers that use their data centers . They just aren ’ t using them for internal use .
Yes . Every time I was right lol , but I never listen to my gut
You chose tensorflow because you wanted to use the TPU in the first place right ? Do you have performance numbers ?
https://blog.google/technology/ai/google-gemini-ai/#sundar-note Google uses all its own hardware for Gemini .
Yes ... but their customer use dwarfs their in-house use . That was the hit they took on earnings . TPU isn't being used by their customers so it isn't being profitable . The profit for Google is in cloud leasing and all that and because their customer want nothing to do with TPU it isn't generating any true significant revenue at this point and they are having to continue to buy large numbers of nvidia chips while pouring money into developing better gpus of their own .
Yeah I wouldn ’ t advise starting now … hehe
None that I can share unfortunately . I can say our last benchmark was for Google cloud with TPUs . That said we have not benchmarked the latest Trainiums yet . Larger point here is these guys aren ’ t buying for their internal use . They are spinning their own . Not sure the Chinese can do this .
Sorry , but this simply isn ’ t true . Using a homegrown TPU doesn ’ t equate to “ all of their own hardware . ” There are transceivers , switches , network adapters and controllers , cables , cooling infrastructure , power infrastructure , memory , and storage hardware . Is Google designing and gerbering out of anything by themselves , other than the TPU ?
I know that , but where is the source saying it's the fastest ?
Eh I would caution drawing conclusions from small models . Does the TPU network 72 accelerators into 1 ? China can't buy nvidia anyway . They have their own setups , I'm guessing they're going to be heavily investing into gluing together partially trained models that's trained at distributed clusters .
The Chinese are currently chasing H100 - level perf . The top dogs outside china are already talking GB200 - NVL 72
They build their own Axion ARM CPUs . I am not sure if they have their own networking backbone .
Try it for your application . It is on Google cloud . Our models are proprietary but the Tensorflow ones , the last benchmark came in for Google . I think Trainium 6 is being benchmarked now . But the larger point is here Google isn ’ t using NVIDIA and they aren ’ t alone . They are buying units for their cloud for customers though . Now sure what their demand will be .
A pod has something like 8K chips . These aren ’ t small models , but we are backing away from large scale models and going to medium more specific one . Ex . One might train on the law . One on source code . Etc .
What others don ’ t get speed doesn ’ t even matter unless you ’ re like the top 1 % big companies like Google who are ultimately going to design their own chips that will be fast enough and cheaper . Nvidia isn ’ t a huge monopoly like people seem to think here
You can look at tpu scaling right here . https://storage.googleapis.com/gweb-cloudblog-publish/images/5-01.max-2200x2200.png It looks like it loses 50 % effectiveness at 16k chips . Like again I would caution generalizing your experience to the market and customers . MS , xAI etc are not building 100k and 1mil clusters for a “ law model ”
IMHO models under 100B parameters are the future , but the mathematics talent isn ’ t prevalent enough for this to happen for another 5-7 years . So all else equal , hyperscalers and T2 providers will juice capex for the sake of competitive advantage .
compliments for truth chart reading .
Go look at the guys posts . He's not in the industry imo trolling for what ever reason .
People are backing off on LLMs for smaller more costomized ones . That is our trend as an industry .
I agree . Much more specialized . These big guys will have their own hardware and more players will build MLMs . Probably good for NVIDIA if they want to train in house .
No they're not , there is some value to smaller models but it is just what they can afford as the GPU poor .
Monetizing a LLM is difficult . Selling a law model highly customized to a law firm makes economic sense .
Monetizing a LLM that sucks because you can't afford the GPU cluster to build one that's smart is difficult yeah .
People want a model that works in their industry and gives them an advantage .
yeah
I keep buying dips when I can afford it . I got in at $ 133 & have been able to DCA down to $ 115 . If NVDA tanks I ’ ll still keep buying because I believe they are the future . I ’ m not looking for short term gains . I plan to hold for 5-10 years . Soooo I ’ m either going down with the ship or I ’ m going to the moon . One thing is certain , the ride will be bumpy & interesting … . i just hope it ’ s a fun ride to be on !
Let me share my story . I had about 105 shares at $ 190 , when the government bans sell to China NVDA tanked , all the way to $ 90 . Me instead of DCA , I just pray it will bounce back to break even and got out . Well it recovered and passed $ 190 , and I sold all at $ 240 . Then it kept increasing every week , i regretted selling and hoped it will drop . It didn ’ t , I used my cash for other stocks . I had $ 10k left , I decided I needed to get few shares . Got 10 shares at $ 477 , then I enjoyed the ride all the way the peak . After the split i had like 100 shares . Took profit because I sold my losing stocks for tax harvesting . I am now holding 60 shares at an average price of $ 110 , I am going to DAC , whenever I have cash in hand . I believe in 5-7 years it will be back to $ 500 .
Thanks for sharing your story . Many investors me included have had similar experiences . At this point in time , if you believe in AI as the 4th Industrial Revolution and NVDA is once in a generation opportunity , you would buy more as it dips . That ’ s of course easier said than done .. I ’ m buying more these days , working my way up to 20,000 shares .. my timeline is 3-5 years .
This is a good read
I loved your story
The fight or flight instinct is strong . It ’ s also the opposite of what you have to do to be a successful investor .
W
Had the same thing happened to me with Apple stock and I was late to the game started buying it in 2014 at $ 24.00 . I should ’ ve added more and more but today my little position is over 3000 shares . Splits have always been good to me . Apple ’ s stock has split 3 times since I first bought shares .. The stock split on a 4 - for - 1 basis on August 28 , 2020 , a 7 - for - 1 basis on June 9 , 2014 Late to the game with Nvidia and Broadcom , but decided to hit it hard . I ’ m down for when I bought it pre-split but 5 to 10 years from now . I ’ ll be happy .
2 splits in the rear view mirror and added some more on the last big drop before this last split but sitting around 4,930 shares and very comfortable holding here … . cost basis ~ $ 47ish … . ignore the noise 🚀 🚀 🚀
I read " I had 60 k around " AMD LOST INTEREST !
Are you Jensen ?
You should sell half , lock in profits , too much single stock risk is never a good idea . Diversify .
Same brother $ 129 average at the beginning and now down to $ 114 average
AGREE
My port is very diversified now . After I hit 200 shares I bought lots of other companies , tech , value , small cap and I buy etfs more than anything now
I bought 1000 shares at ... well , now a price-adjusted 5.9 a share in 2020 . I held through the poor earnings in ' 21 that bled into ' 22 which saw it go from 360 to 120 a share . By then , there was a split , so it's 4000 shares . I purchased another 1500 at 480-720 Post split , the first 1000 turned into 40,000 with two splits the last 1500 turned into 1500 . It's \ ~ 65 % or my portfolio now . It's changed a little with the drop and other investments going up . I'm fine with most of my money in one stock . I've got a few thousand AMZN , TSM , and MSFT , and I recently sold GOOGL for AVGO , Cosco , and IWM . My 401K ... it's just VTI and I think it's at \ ~ 230 , so it'll be used as a rainy day fund or maybe just for something special . 25 years before I reach retirement age ( though I aim to retire by 50 , so 12 years ) . TSM , AVGO , AMD ... NVDA . Those are the 4 with the most growth potential that are relatively safe . That's where I'd spread out my money if I was looking for real growth .
In addition to NVDA .. SMH and VIGAX are significant portions in my portfolio .
Good on you ! I have ETFs now , stopped playing the individual stock game , took my $ and ran
Kids . Wife . Age 42 . Severe accident . . . Just me , but I would put it in the VOO EFT and contribute regularly toward that at a high % rate , i . e . , you have not indicated any other savings or investments ( equities , funds , EFTs , real estate , etc . ) . Coupled with your age , I wouldn't be doing any individual stocks if you have zero other investments . Likewise , you indicated your employment has been affected negatively . I know what I am talking about , as I partied until I was approximately 32 . . . Fast forward today , after recognizing how much time I wasted in my younger days , I accelerated my investments , where today I am worth approx . $ 4-5 million . I retired early in 2007 . My point is that doing a " YOLO " on one equity ( NVDA , etc . ) is not the smartest thing to do in your situation imo .
Yes . Invest it all at once . For situations like yours there ’ s little to no benefit to waiting .
If you are planning for 20 years it really doesn't matter . That said , sudden drops will test your resolve So , if you are going in for 20k all at once then honestly do it and then check the stock once every so many months . It is a volatile stock . A 25 % jump over a period of days can be followed by a 25 % jump days later . Dollar cost averaging helps alleviate the stress of the above . Yes , if it's a bull market it's better to go all in at once . But you also have the risk of going all in near the peak . My thoughts - with a 20 year horizon it doesn't really matter . But psychologically seeing your money disappear will kick your ass vs the excitement of DCAing in and buying some of that dip . So I suggest DCA
EVERY time I ’ ve done a lump sum I ’ ve regretted it . In every situation DCA over 6 months would have been much better . The “ statistics ” don ’ t matter . This is anecdotal . I got unlucky every single time . And it could just as easily happen to you .
You have some misconceptions about investment here . A saving account isn't an investment account , it's a saving account insured by the FDIC whereas a brokerage account that you trade VOO and NVDA is not . Regarding growth , that entirely depends on you . VOO consists of hundreds of companies , which is why it is less volatile . Most of the companies in the index contribute little to nothing to the index movement . It isn't magical that VOO or any index is less volatile , most companies in it just don't get traded very frequently . Whereas NVDA is traded extremely frequently , you can look up the trading volume yourself . If you search on Google , 5Y ROI for VOO is close to 100 % whereas NVDA is 3000 % . Can NVDA crash tomorrow , sure and if u put 100 % in it , ur boned . Whereas with VOO , highly doubt all the companies in it crash on the same day . Speaking of which , NVDA earning is out on the 28th and so maybe u want to cash in lol . Regarding lump sum or DCA , unless you have insider info , no way to tell when the stock goes up or down . For NVDA , right now it's good to do a lump sump bc of the earning report . For VOO , you can also do the same because the price changes is too little by the week or month .
Nobody knows if it's gonna be a bear market or bull . Fear news always says we're headed into a bear market . It gets your clicks . I can say I'm seeing plenty of " news " that says we're heading to the biggest bull market in history . Either way , I'd trust a fortune teller reading my palm more . Just put your money mostly into VOO , VT or whatever low cost broad ETF , and a small amount into NVDA . The small amount being the one you can lose 90 % and be fine with it , and chill . Over that long of a time frame , don't invest too much into any one single company . You never know what could happen , they could collapse immensely and even go bankrupt . Just ask that poor Intel investor after getting grandma's money . Most top companies don't stay up there for long , and the turn around rate is getting faster every year . Look at the top S & P 500 from 10 years ago , 20 years ago , 30 years ago vs today . How many do you recognize ? How many were unstoppable international monsters back in the day , only to be replaced by a new company that's only existed for a few years ? Also , timing the market to maximize gains is a fool's errand . You're betting on luck , so don't ask for logical reasons to support good or bad luck . Throw the money in and forget about it . [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFgPNVytlwA ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pFgPNVytlwA )
Simple . If you like the stock and want to invest in it , but you also feel the stock may go down … DCA on recurring buys . Obviously , if you feel it may tank … don ’ t do it all . Over time , your DCA will pay dividends if the stock is solid overall . If you feel it ’ s going to go up … lump sum it .
Nvda asap
There is always someone saying we are about to enter a bear market , and also a bull market . Look at what the big banks are saying if you care about such things , not some hedge fund manager trying to so fear so people will invest in his fund . Over 20 years it will not matter as you will see both . Put that money to work .
we're not entering a bear market , stop reading the news and especially if it's some world renown invester who predicted the last crash , that's fake news . it's like 90 % fake news
Lump sum VTI .
If you do lump sum into NVDA make sure you can emotionally detach from possibly seeing it drop . When it comes to individual stocks its a good rule to follow if you believe in the company and nothing has changed fundamentally . With earnings around the corner this might not be a worry though .
Invest in an index fund
You ’ re thinking of lump-summing now ? Where where you 2 weeks ago when it was $ 92 ?
If you buy Nvidia and forget about it for 10 years , you ’ ll be very happy . Put it all in at one time don ’ t worry about it .
Dont spread , all in on growth stocks . NVDA and ASTA . You have long term .
Lump it . Statistically it has always been a little better .
Cash secured puts at the price you want to own it at . Collect premium while you wait
20k lump sum bruh , the dip will not happen again . The market is precautions already . What triggers the event is the black swan of Microsoft / crowdstrike .
Many studies show lump always outperformed DCA .
I mean the DCA is for people who are not confident , if you think it's going to go up just buy and hold .
I would not YOLO it all into NVDA ! I ’ d do like 70/30 with majority in VOO .
I'd just put it in NVDA right now . You DCA when you think there could be a lot of volatility in the near future and it could go up OR down . I'm not an advisor ... just get that out of the way , but the only way I see NVDA going for the next few weeks is up . Intraday it could see 120 maybe 118 before earnings , but after earnings , I think you're going to see 150 . If you were investing at THAT point , I'd say DCA because from there , when it hits a new ATH , it may spend most of the rest of the quarter trading sideways with some larger economic forces causing it to drop for ... whatever reason ( this past month it was the Carry trade , the Unemployment report that came out better than the initial payroll reports ) . At this point ... I really don't see the upside of Dollar Cost Averaging . You'll likely just DCA up . I get it that most people who are investing don't have lump sums and that makes sense . Or they're not sure where the stock is going ( not that anyone is ever sure ) . If I had 20K I was investing right now , I'd put 20K into NVDA , if it hit 150 , take it out and then DCA after it comes back down a bit , but that's fucking around and probably not a good idea as this would be timing the market and ... that's not a good idea in general .
In my opinion , DCA . But set an amount and if prices go down , then double the DCA amount for that period . Although with a 20 year outlook and if you believe NVDA will be strong for a long time , then it shouldn't matter too much .
TIME in the market beats TIMING the market DCA is the way .
Like others are saying , VTI / VOO . Maybe $ 5k towards Nvidia . If this money is for retirement , it's better to play it safe with an SP500 index fund . It might not have 3000 % gains like Nvidia , but it's also not going to crash to zero . I have about 65 % of my portfolio in an index fund , then the remaining split between nvidia and broadcom . Once I graduate college and start my career almost all of my contributions will go in an index fund .
Given the current market volatility , and potential for the yen carry trade not being finished , i'd put NVDA buy limit orders at descending $ 1 increments . e . g : buy $ 1000 at 122 , $ 100 at 121 , $ 1000 at 120 , etc until you get to $ 100 . if this doesn't all get filled in the next 30 days , then cancel any open orders and put the balance in VOO
I did lump sum of 10k last year when it was around $ 870 . Current cost basis now is around $ 87 cause of the split . I've been up big , and been decently close back to my entry point a week or two ago during the dip . I plan on holding for many years tho , so even when it dipped I never even considered selling . I didn't buy during the dip either tho . I'm happy with my % allocation of my portfolio to NVDA . I'll be picking up other things I like and ofc always VOO 🙂 Side note - NVDA is extremely volatile . The number of 0dte contracts can be in the billions of dollars across any given week . Ignore these giant moves unless you plan on cashing out 🤑
If you aren't touching it for 20 years and aren't going to look at it every day then dump it all in . If you are going to look at it every day then do half now and every few dollars they go down invest on the way down .
Lump that shit you muh fuka
My " suggestion : " put 50 % in $ NDVA now and wait until after ER then decide for the remaining 50 % . You may regret why you didn't put all-in or you may be happy at least you kept 50 % cash in hand . However , if you are really thinking about a 20 - yr horizon then it doesn't really matter . Good luck !
#ALL-IN NVDL BABY
Invest it all I to a 0 dte
Maybe half and half ? Iono im just saying
lump until Aug 29 , sell all then dca in
Buy 65 units of NVDA , then sell a 120p CSP option .
Congratulations on financial independence ! Those are my goals . :) Yes , the car accident negatively impacted my income for the duration while on medical leave ( and aftermath ) but I'm better . other savings / investments : I am a newbie to smart investing and portioning income into 4 ( invest , save , gift , spend ) . HYSA for my emergency funds , brokerage account with VOO , QQQ , NDVA , and a handful of other single stocks from various sectors ( essentially building a personal " EFT " ) , two 401 ( k ) from past and current employers . I also have a house , but no rental properties yet .
[ deleted ]
This . And especially at the moment with the volatility , I mean look at how much NVDA has moved over the previous month without really releasing any news themselves ( apart from maybe a Blackwell delay although was this announcement ever confirmed to have come from Nvidia itself ? ) .
Not trying to be funny but what is a VOO ?
I don't know about 500 , but if we're talking top ten , I recognize every company from ten years ago . NVDA isn't some hotel company , and it's number 5 in the sp500 .
So true . How do I look at what the banks are saying ?
My funds weren't available 2 weeks ago . And I don't want to take a loan assuming funds would come in . It would have been great if I had the funds at that time ! !
RemindMe ! 10 years
better to be very sharp on valuation and take it in and out when it's too overvalued or cheap enough to buy more
Never say never .
Sorry , fairly newb here . If time in the market beats timing , wouldn't it make sense to invest the $ 20k in at once ? That yields more time .
Sounds like you have a very good foundation . I own NVDA ( almost 3k shares at a cost basis of around $ 94 ) . I am almost 100 % certain that it will beat earnings significantly on the 28th and we will get a 3-6 % bump from wherever the stock price is on earnings day . If it doesn't , that's no biggie for me either , as I have other investments and moreover , I don't plan on selling some / all of NVDA until at least next year . In effect , my situation is different from yours . Consequently , you need to decide if it's safe to buy NVDA or go in a more conservative direction . Good luck either way , as you seem to have a good head on your shoulders .
Huh ? Dude , do you have a problem or issue with reading comprehension , e . g . , where in the fuck did I say I retired at 25 ? ? ? Where did I say how old I am today ? You extrapolated quite a bit from what I wrote . If confusion had a face , it would look a lot like you .
Vanguard S & P500 ETF - https://investor.vanguard.com/investment-products/etfs/profile/voo
Same ! I also recognize most from 20 years ago . Some are bankrupt , most are nowhere near the top . Quite amazing where they all ended up . And quite amazing how a small company line Nvidia , that didn't even put together a business plan was able to grow so much . Too bad Don Valentine kicked the bucket some time ago . I sometimes wonder how he would feel , knowing he was the initial investor of yet another 3 trillion dollar company before passing away .
Start at the very top with Jerome Powell at the Federal Reserve .. He's speaking at the Jacksonhole , WY meeting next week . Pay particular attention to what he says about interest rate cuts . There's much speculation hovering over a September rate cut announcement , with more to follow . There will be lots of discussion afterward , including commentary from the CEOs of the mega banks . Here are the top 5 U . S . banks by assets and their current CEOs : - JPMorgan Chase , CEO : Jamie Dimon , Assets : $ 3.40 trillion - Bank of America , CEO : Brian Moynihan , Assets : $ 2.54 trillion - Wells Fargo , CEO : Charles Scharf , Assets : $ 1.73 trillion - Citigroup , CEO : Jane Fraser , Assets : $ 1.68 trillion - U . S . Bancorp , CEO : Andrew Cecere , Assets : $ 650.7 billion Take whatever they say into consideration . Then , try to reason out what they're not saying . And then watch how the overall market responds ; make note of it . Doing so starts your foray into beginner level macroeconomics . From there , it's up to you to do extra research on things said in an effort to shape and inform your own opinion and subsequent actions . It will provide a conversational basis in your quest for edifying information .. Edited for format
Business and financial news sites , use a search engine for something like " major bank outlook " or subscribe to newsletters . Also look for economic news . Some people are regular doomsayers and they get quoted from time to time and you get to recognize the names .
Damn bro . I didn ’ t have the funds in my brokerage , so I bought 20k on margin and paid at off as soon as the transfer from HYSA hit . But yeah with the interest rate on margin , wouldn ’ t be smart to do if that $ 20k wasn ’ t a 100 % sure thing .
I will be messaging you in 10 years on [ * * 2034-08- 18 16:13 : 01 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2034-08-18%2016:13:01%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1euyutg/invest_20k_lump_sum_or_dca/liqgtek/?context=3 ) [ * * 3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1euyutg%2Finvest_20k_lump_sum_or_dca%2Fliqgtek%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202034-08-18%2016%3A13%3A01%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201euyutg ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Good question ! If you are doing lump sum , you are trying to time it .
[ deleted ]
I wouldn't say that if they put the lump in and leave it . Lump sum in then trying to sell a couple weeks later to make x amount per share , sure . Lump sum in whenever ( how do you pick without " timing " it ? ) then leaving it for 10 years , not so much .
He was commenting and advising me based on my situation : I am a wife , mom , and age 42 .
Do you have an IRA ? If not , start an IRA . You can put that money in there , you can put it in NVDA now , then you could take it out at 150 and start to DCA from there . How NVDA generally works ... it's down ALL year outside the 15 days around earnings . The closer you to earnings , it starts creeping back up , after earnings it takes a big chump , usually to an unsustainable ATH and then it'll settle back in . Go look at March , the very end , I believe it was 974 at one point . By April 19th , it'd dropped back down to 720 ( intraday ) . March 8th it fell to \ ~ 84 or so after being at \ ~ 93 a couple of days earlier . That was also not long after earnings . If you've got an IRA and it's maxed out , then just go with the brokerage account and be aware of the tax implications if you sell .
Thank you Crystal !
if you write a number lower than the current price , you'll get downvoted here .
My projection is I hope the bottom does not fall out .
A reasonable project is $ 90 > = NVDA < = $ 160 .
Anything above $ 120 I would be singing like a baby lol
After earnings report : 140 Day after earnings : 110 Later this week : 160
I ’ m predicting it drops below $ 120 on relatively positive news due to market manipulation . Edit : I see I was correct .
Sold 650 shares at $ 125.2 ... Yesterday-I'm waiting for the real dip in September ?
I will be happy if it goes around 130-131 .
90 because it usually goes the opposite of what I predicted .
Pelosi told me 160 by Friday AH I'm Nancy Pelosi we trust 🙏
139 $ at least today and 146 by friday
How ’ s everyone feeling on their calls . I got rid of mine when I had a bad feeling lol 😂
I did 105 calls and sold 120 calls .
90 tomorrow . Calling it now .
We reaching $ 165 ( I'm acoustic )
$ 148-172 I see easy at $ 148
Last week I said 128 , but I think we'll hit 130 .
J . P . Morgan chase predicts 141 in their app
200 ( im regarded )
[ removed ]
+ / - 12 % by IV
I bought three calls at $ 140 . Expiring this Friday . Sold some OTM puts too .
143 = I luv u " Ray j " 🎶
Well , it ’ s down despite estimate beats .. let ’ s be patient and wait for Jensen to talk about NVDA !
FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK FUCK
140 just cause I wanted to be .
$ 105
In with 3000 shares at $ 26 . I don ’ t care .
I ’ ve been doing this NVDA earnings thing for over a decade now . It ’ s always the same . Sometimes it tanks , sometimes it skyrockets , but over the course of years , it ’ s always higher than it ever was before .
Idgaf I ’ m in 1000 shares since 30
137
140
I ’ m guessing between 120-130
150
127.50
Anywhere between rhino
$ 150
Everyone outside of this subreddit saying its going down . So its going up 😊
130 + . those fkers who drove the price down to 123 , fk them
135.51
Max 130
im selling my shares .
I wouldn't recommend stop losses . There's gonna be volatility the final 5-10 mins fluctuations of + / - 10 points as soon as the hammer drops the gamblers are jumping ship or trying to cram on the train before it leaves the station ... Within 5min after the datas been released you will know the direction . Speed readers are parsing the info to glean any hint of pos or negative news and hitting the buy / sell button ... Then after clarity hits some of them reverse it because they found a gem ... Or a slog and then sell .. Crazy times .
Market tanking it as usual
Nice
105
Dang , aftermarket dropped 5 dollars already ...
145-150
Whatever Dieselcock predicts is what will happen
After earnings it ’ ll be lucky to see 130 for about 30 days . Options all week leading up to the earnings call showed major resistance at 130 . I said this last week . Bought Puts and will sell them tomorrow at some point
$ 91.54
Around $ 115 .
115
118
Everyone shut up and wait until Blackwell reports .
116
[ My post ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/stocks/s/OB64had6MV ) has aged like a fine wine .
115
Between 1 and 300
Tree fiddy
$ 95
141-143 . New high
It will drop off a cliff !
Three fitty no diddy
true , someone wrote $ 127.50 here a few mins ago and hes at - 2 likes
There was a guy who said no WAY it goes below $ 123 . I said be careful , there ’ s absolutely a chance it can … I got downvoted I got 7 downvotes and he got upvoted a lot lol . I didn ’ t even say a number I just said don ’ t get too confident
Thank you for the accurate guess . Bought calls and shorts accordingly , sir . Will lose on both with my luck .
Such a wide range , bro !
never heard that expression before . I assume there would be lots of gurgling and drool involved
This
In you I will trust because we are down and my money is down eith it sir 👀
You , Sir , are a guru !
Damn man , you jinxed us
Could you imagine how that market cap would look lol
Is there any evidence of market manipulation of this stock and how would that be done exactly ? Could just be volatile due to fear and inexperienced traders right ?
Happy ?
Not happening
It's hard to argue against insider information . 200 a few days after Labor Day .
I trust you Nancy
[ removed ]
Why is it going down , I don ’ t get any of this lmao
Just closed the position for $ 14 . I'm happy . Made a nice chunk of money in just a few days . Maybe I could make more or it could dip back a bit .
Like a guitar ?
Please , don ’ t make any more guesses ! Lol
🤡 🤡 🤡
EASY 148 ? ? How ?
You ’ re right
🤑
I hope you hedged that hard
Funny , I sold 3 $ 140 calls expiring Friday
Ouch
womp womp
Looks like it was you who was wrong
How ?
phew . got out alive . knew it wasn't gonna be good when all of reddit was saying how nvidia was gonna go to the moon
Boy I hope it goes to $ 301 on some crazy news just to be outside that huge range you have haha .
And that ’ s still up ! I think it will drop , and get bought back up tomorrow
He was downvoted because the move was nothing
That's when you know the bubble is about to pop . Too many casuals buying the top thinking they gonna be rich
[ deleted ]
😂
Yes , but if a stock does the opposite of what we want it to do , we call it " market manipulation " .
She ’ s been known to lie a lot
To put it politely , their heads .
it was always going down . Hold shares but puts to hedge and watch .
It ’ s tanking right now . I don ’ t understand either .
Yes
The huge number run is over . It ’ s what it is . I still made my cash . But we are into a more reasonable pattern now .
Still made $ 5k ✌🏻
The OTM puts were very OTM .
You were absolutly right . It was at 116 .
k , so now we need a new number for morning . forget that , let ’ s predict the number for next earning , 11/14
Holy shit how delusional can these nvda bag holders get 😭 😭 😭 i wouldnt say 128 to 118 is sideways
Nice
Yeah , you ’ re right .. back down on earth .. hopefully Jensen will have a good story to tell !
I never ever would have bought a call in NVDA before earnings . The expectations are way too lofty .
It is after IV drops 😂
Welp ...
I like where it says shares are worth 4k . That's my favorite part .
why is 20 % the most pessimistic rate ? If the other big tech companies make their own AI chips and an open-source replacement for CUDA , Nvidia is in big trouble . 5 years is a very long time .
But what if it ’ s more ?
“ Conservative ”
In 5 years ( 1000 a share ) n we split again 🤭 😉
I have sell at every $ 10 interval up to $ 230 with 1000 shares leftover
4000 in 5 years is nvidias worst performance . I ’ m leaving it to yalls imagination if it does good .. duhhh
To quote A . Ham , you must be out of your goddamned mind to think that NVDA is going to grow at 100 % per annum for five years .
100T market cap . Obviously , that ’ s the most likely scenario .
A replacement for Cuda will not stop people from buying Nvidia hardware . I have a long explanation of why there are so many sedans , coups , and SUVs , and companies aren't specifically trying to copy one another . It's the same thing with processors . There are different use case scenarios . Everyone wants just a piece of the pie . No one is trying to take the whole pie and get in the lead ahead of Nvidia . It would not be a wise business decision .
NVDA isn't printing money because of CUDA . There's no such thing as open source hardware .
But what if it did , Seymor ... what if it did ?
The only scenario .
Might want to have your eyes checked , all the car companies continuously copy each other . Interior and exterior design are all stolen from popular designs . And anything that's too unique either doesn't sell and is quickly redesigned , or is soon copied by all the others with their next designs .
I do think it could double twice in five years , say $ 400 to keep it real . All existing indications point to that . 5 uears is a long time , but I see nothing stopping them short of TSMC being destroyed .
Here's something that will be easier to understand . You cannot look at a car that has two doors and simply say " because it has two doors it is competing with this other car because it also has two doors " . The mustang competes with the Camaro , but the mustang does not compete with the Corvette , and the Camaro does not compete with the Corvette . Likewise , the Corvette was not built to compete with the Ford GT , and even though an AMG Mercedes is built to compete with an M series BMW , they still appeal to different types of people , because it isn't all about the power . It's also about the suspension , the interior , how the steering feels etc . Whether or not a vehicle has the same amount of doors , is an SUV , sedan , coupe etc . does not mean they are direct competitors . In the semiconductor world , these companies are not trying to give direct competition . They are being " tailored " for certain tasks . The closest competitor you're going to find Nvidia is AMD , in the all encompassing form , but no 2 GPUs have the same instruction set . So , what is the simple point ? The simple point is that a GPU isn't simply a GPU . A TPU from Apple isn't going to function and be tailored to function like a TPU from Google . These are very specific use case designs , and some of them are meant to be broader than others .
Mmm car metaphors , you ’ re hitting me right in my wheelhouse . Love em ! I see where you are coming from . I was talking more the lame ass everyday commuter cars . They are all just chasing sales numbers
The Mustang was very much intended to be a competitor to the Corvette .
The next discussion is Michelin vs Pirelli vs Yokohama 😂
Haha Michies for me if I can afford em !
I'm right there with you !
same ! hoping my pilot sports die out soon so I can switch to Cup 2 😂 I hear the new Trofeo R are actually incredible though , and may last longer than michelins
Nobody knows what's going to happen ... Just hold and wait til friday , if it dips then buy , if not , just hold
I bought two NVDA 9/20 112c back when NVDA was dipping down to the 90s . I bought them with the full expectation to ride through ER . However , I also went out to 9/20 to buffer the days immediately following the ER . It seems that some ERs take a few days for the gains to start happening , so I didn't want to get the 8/ 30 , in case NVDA doesn't jump right away . I do anticipate solid earnings .
It ’ s basing again . I said in here - and was downvoted for it - that $ 130 was my high mark for my shorter term contracts . Landed on Monday . Provided it doesn ’ t go under $ 126 , if it goes over $ 130 it can test $ 134 next . After job data today , and FOMC minutes , then next hurdle for break out / down will be Jackson Hole on Friday .
probably it hit 2 days ago and it was testing resistance at 129 today . i think 132 before er time is possible .
If earnings happen to be good and the stock goes up day after earnings , are calls that expire at that end of that week better or are calls that expire in september better ?
I'll add here that today was a double inside bar . I haven't checked the order flow , but I think the R \ \ R is on your side , mate . I'm in Monthlies , and leaps , and a lot of stock . So I'm riding with you .
I'm in the same boat with calls expiring 08/23 some with strikes around 130 . Overpaid for more than half of them on Mondays steep rally . I was traveling and FOMOd after checking the price while in the terminal .
Highly doubt it goes past $ 130 as there ’ s a lot of resistance . Holding to earnings is dangerous . I have a bad feeling when Eveyrone expects it to jump . I can see it dipping 5-10 % because of Blackwell .
130 + tomorrow guaranteed
The expectation for NVDA is so high . Everyone is expecting it to pop including myself . I bought extra shares and calls . If everyone expects a pop , it may end up going the other way . I hope not but I have seen this happen more than once .
This sub is literally the funniest shit ever . “ Should I buy now ” ? “ Is stock going up ” ? “ Prediction on stock up , guys ” ? “ Kinda worried , stock only up a little bit today ” ? “ Am I too late guys , stock is up ” ? “ Does anyone know if AI bubble happening still ” ?
It broke 130 just now in premarket
Hell yea . Im holding 🥵 🫡
My guess is the stock goes up on earnings then dumps right away on the same day .
Praying to God it doesn ’ t break its ATH of $ 140 before earnings 🙏 🙏 BETTER CHANCE of it breaking an ATH after earnings !
Like a glove . Actually looking for $ 144 +
Hold for 5 years .
Also have a fair amount of shares but picked up 31 calls 8/ 30 $ 110c around $ 7.85 each now they ’ re just under $ 20 … I sold 15 of them these past couple days so all of my own money is out . Hoping for a push past 130 but doubt I ’ ll hold them through earnings and risk theta fucking me .
Would roll those muchacho . This is the way .
No shame on ringing the register .
137 before earnings and then a drop right before killing all calls and puts lol 😆
You know the ER will beat . Will the guidance be higher ? Update on future chips ?
Short answer : Yes !
Broke 130 just now ! It is a sell for a quick buck ! ! !
Hold on to your ass I see $ 200 ! ! !
130 before earnings is very possible * not financial advice
It will be below $ 125 in the next few days
130 ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? ! ? Why would you buy the 130 call when you could ’ ve bought the 120 call ?
Smart to go a month out after earnings . Should have a nice run into and after earnings . Your calls will print handsomely
this is the way
How much did those cost when it dipped that low ?
If it is a solid ER , shares will jump AH right away . I would argue based on historical data , shares will be flat or go down a bit to consolidate before taking off again . If it's just a good and not amazing ER , shares will go down right away .
Great take and information . Thanks !
So with other posts speculating a pop to $ 150 or $ 150 at the end of the year , are you seeing something else ?
Based on what ? Us aid nothing , just typed some random words
September for sure ! But I don ’ t know shit about fuck .
Look up what IV crush is , you should know the answer to your question before trading options
Just sell the day after earnings then buy back in at a discount
Not going to happen
I bought puts today at close . The last time I bought puts on a stock PLTR ran 30 % , and the time before that was when NVDA ran to ATH and I got obliterated . So I think y ’ all are good . With my puts if NVDA is $ 121.75 or lower on August 29th I ’ ll profit . The stock has ran from $ 98 to $ 128 in 2 weeks so I just feel like there ’ s a better risk to reward for puts right now short term .
Dude yeah . My thoughts exactly . I feel once I start expecting something , it ’ s time to bail . I ’ m always late lol
So what if it drops ? Then you buy more and in time it'll go above 150 . You need patience
RemindMe ! 10 hours “ this guy says 130 + tomorrow guaranted … sell car to buy NVDA ”
Well .. he was kinda right lol
It did touch 130 before heading back down the other way .
remind us
Yep that ’ s my thoughts . I have calls expiring 8/ 30 already up 60 percent ish , but everyone ’ s expecting it to pop so i don ’ t like the feeling of it unless it ’ s something super incredible . My prediction is a ton of profit taking right after a quick pop
Asking for strategies and what others thoughts are is a lot smarter than not . Nothing implies worry , I ’ m already positive I ’ m just speculating my exit .
Would be nice ! When you estimating that ?
I do not have 130 calls . That was just my mental target
They won't be affected by IV crush ? Same with any DTE's a month or 2 or 3 , etc . out ?
I didn't buy them when NVDA was in the 90s . I bought them when NVDA was at 112 , and I had hoped to buy the bottom . NVDA continued to drop into the 90s after I bought them , so they were down quite a bit before they rebounded . I bought them at $ 10.80 each , and at close today , they are $ 19.98 each .
Personally wouldn't want $ 150 before Q2 , that would open up a lot of downside . End of year , could do as well , but I'm mindful that it's an election year and that's exactly where Q3 earnings will be - with q3 being the first ER that will be compared to the first break out in this bull run . I posted before the week opened on another post that I've been watching the daily , the most healthy thing for the stock would be to pull back to the lower teens completing the inverse head and shoulders . But this post was about pre earnings , and that target was $ 130 for me . There's a lot of selling pressure in that zone , so I closed my earlier contracts . EDIT : My post earnings will be in the mid $ 140s .
So you don't know how to read chart , price history or do fundamental analysis of NVDA ?
I should sell my 7 year position to buy a 7 hour dip ?
sell what ? stocks ? calls ?
I agree . But this sub is full of newbies who think NVDA is invincible . They could beat both on revenue and EPS with good guidance and STILL fall if it doesn ’ t meet wall street expectations . Thats what new “ investors ” don ’ t understand .
Good fucking luck bro . That ’ s a hell of a bet to make . I hope you hedged well .. If Friday is good for market and everything tips I don ’ t even know how close to 121 nvda will be even if there ’ s profit taking after earnings . But no one knows so maybe you ’ re the genius just be safe
I will be messaging you in 16 hours on [ * * 2024-08- 22 19:27 : 51 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-22%2019:27:51%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1exyh9r/break_130_before_earnings/ljbnaxc/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1exyh9r%2Fbreak_130_before_earnings%2Fljbnaxc%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-22%2019%3A27%3A51%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201exyh9r ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
You mean 100 % right
I ’ m calling 135 today aswell . Sit back and watch . I run this market . 😏
Personally roll your calls over to January
Aug 28 , 1 hour before ER . ✍ ️ 🧐 👍
Yes most if not all options will be impacted by iv crush if the actual move ( eg either up or down ) is lower than expected move then yeah your options will be impacted
Depends on intrinsic value . Once the stock goes up so much over the strike , all the other Greeks don ’ t matter anymore
Similar to you I bought same expiry , however not at the money options . I bought 120/130 / 140 as they were heading down . On average they were ~ $ 420 a piece Got out yesterday for on average 250 % profit across all 3
Nice ! Good job holding onto those like a boss . I was heavy in SOXL mid dump and held through the $ 23 low and bought more with what little money I had . What a ride man ! ! lol
I just want to get a decent win on options . I keep losing either direction .
It doesn't work like that , everyone , every investors , waaay bigger than us , have so many different opinions , do you really think that those things are enough ? Why aren't all billioners investors buying Nvda , but selling it instead ? It's all gambling ... Nobody knows anything , we're all just throwing money and hoping .
I mean yeah ? If you ’ re into that . Profit is profit you ’ ve already earned on that seven years selling now and rebuying won ’ t change that
Buy low sell high , and for all we know it could drop dead again .
Everything . There will be a mass sell off again
haha
lol
You just got humbled by the market . Nice 8/ 23 130 NVDA Calls .
Aug 28 ?
Thanks . What a ride , indeed . Of course , in hindsight , I wish I would have bought more when it did keep dipping from 112 into the 90s .
I'm still holding leaps for EOY , and Sept 20 calls . I'm unsure if you're looking at calls or you just bought high . I always preach , just buy shares in a great company and hold . I held those and took 2 day trades on puts to cover the downside in those today . Like I said earlier , I got out of the short term August calls on Monday . If you keep losing either way then you need to get better at charts , I keep it pretty simple and I learnt my lesson a long time ago to buy time and have a target . The above sounds like you're chasing , and losing . It may be best to buy shares and play a long game here .
They ’ re unsure of what the POW man is going to say Friday . It wants to go up but people are hedging like a mother fu ker in case he says something stupid . All the hedging is raising the VIX and it ’ s making it hard for Market makers to increase liquidity . There is pressure from outside events and if those events pass with a positive reaction then the stock will go up . It ’ s trying to go up but people are unsure about the future so it will be limited until the news passes . If the markets react badly to what J pow says then you ’ ll have a big ol dipparoo .
lol wut ? Taking a capital gain just to rebuy is literally braindead
and then go back up in another year ... Stop timing the market !
That is not what my tarot cards say .
Yep , sorry , corrected lol .
Oh , I wish I had more money to pile in , but it ’ s exactly that . Hindsight ..
It ’ s not timing the market , it ’ s called making the most out of your money
💀 💀
Have fun ...
Thanks , it ’ s going well for me
So far ...
If you need the money now , cash out . If you don ’ t , don ’ t do anything .
You're asking a group that's heavily biased in favor of Nvidia stock ... What answer do you expect besides " hold forever " All I'm gonna say is , if you're gonna hold Nvidia you better understand the investing rationale in favor of , and against it ... Otherwise better to own an ETF like SPY or QQQ
Forget about it for 20 years
Imo hold the shares . Come back here in 10 years and post your screenshot with " omg I forgot about my gifted shares and now it's worth $ 1M ! "
Open a Roth and contribute the yearly max to it . All growth gains in there are non taxable .
Damn that ’ s nice . Hold !
FSELX has done me really really well .
How do you transfer shares to another person ? How do capital gains work ?
I wouldn't sell now on this low . I would hold long term personally . But hey it's free money for you either way . I would just wait and see .
How old are you ?
You should ask how many millionaires are here .
I think given your strategy of the other investment ( s ) , you should keep it if you don ’ t need the ~ $ 2400.00 That * may * increase to ~ $ 2800 within the next 12 months ( or higher ) . You are well diversified as it is , although I might look at VYM or someone else ’ s high dividend yield fund . * * * If you are younger * * * , kudos to you for investing continuously and prudently . Whatever you do * * * don ’ t day trade * * * or try to * time * the market . Invest consistently and with discipline ( Don ’ t run at the first sign of trouble ) and by the time you are 60 you will be well-off . If someone had told me to invest $ 600 per month from a younger age , I ’ d be swimming in money . If you are old , watch the cost-basis and find a way to get income without paying too much in capital gains .
maybe your boss wanted out of nvda as well
Cool boss . Hold VOO and NVDA looong .
Hold if you don ’ t have an urgent need . It will pay long term .
Ok I need a new job
Tell your boss thank you and that you ’ d like all your bonuses in NVDA shares too 😂
A little late here but I think the most rational response is hold ! ! It's free money who cares if you lose it all . If you need the money , cash it out , if you don't , try your hardest to not even look at it
You don't need the money , just pretend blood didn't give you JACK ... THEN HOFDL
Even if you need the money , I would hold .
Agreed asking if you should hold nvda in a subreddit called " nvda stock " would produce the most biased results ever . Asking if u should hold nvda in a group of nvda fanboys lol . It's the best example for confirmation bias I could ever think of .
Hey , thanks for the reply . I guess maybe I was just trying to get a feel of the sentiment towards the company / stock . I understand earnings came out wednesday and while earnings were exceeded sentiment in the sub seems all over .
This is the answer . This free gift of 20 shares will be worth more exponentially in 20 years . Think of it as your retirement gift . Let the DRIP happen . Let NVDA work for you
This is easily googlable . But since just googled it this morning I will tell you it works like this . If I give 20 shares of NVDA to my kid , then I don't pay any capital gains . My kid will pay the capital gains on the NVDA when they sell it . So say I bought NVDA at $ 20 and my kid sells it at $ 120 . My kid pays the capital gains tax on $ 100 per share
Good question about cap gains , will have to ask him Tuesday at work . All I know is originally fidelity wanted me to open a TOD account ( strange ) then when my boss went to the Fidelity office they were able to transfer it into my individual account . It took about a day to complete the transfer .
Thanks , for the reply , and thanks for your input !
36
Good point , good point . I'll go ask the guys over at superstonk real quick , lol .
Yeah you'd expect a sub about Nvidia stock to contain rational and intellectual discourse about business fundamentals and growth prospects with thorough analysis of the valuation using realistic future cash flows . But all you'll find here is a cult-like passion and sky-high expectations about the stock , the prevailing sentiment being that nothing about Nvidia is short of perfection . Maybe try r / stocks or r / ValueInvesting for a more objective view .
How does that work , because that would mean the ACB info must be transferred over too ?
Please let us know when you find out !
The stock is at bubble prices and the bubble is popping.just sell
Me too , my positions are my plan A for retiring . I will never touch them until I ’ m ready to stop working
It was free shares , HOLD them . Hell , buy a few more . You could buy 20 more and your personal “ cost average ” is half what it is on paper . You ’ re the same age as me . If you believe in the company , which I do despite all the memey hype … . in 20 years or so when you and I are nearing retirement age those 20 shares are gonna be a nice nest egg .
It's not that hard to imagine that the cost basis of the stock is transferred over to the account . I don't exactly know how it works , but I can imagine that it might work like this . Stocks , since they stopped being physical pieces of paper , probably still have a serial number associated with it at a database record level . No database record is ever just a single column record . So it's easy to image that there was a purchase date column , a cost basis column , a social security column that ties it to the owner , etc .
You got it , dude .
That's what I've been working towards . Trying not to get caught up in all the short squeeze hype that comes and goes with other stocks and invest for long term growth .
Didn't even think about the " cost average " that's a great way to look at it . Thanks for your input also , I really appreciate it .
Yes brother , if AI does take off and becomes the new way of life then who knows what those 20 shares will be worth . $ 1,000 dollars in NVDA 15 years ago equates to $ 750,000 today . For another conversation : The very minimum you should be investing yearly is maxing your Roth IRA ( $ 7,000 ) a year . By the time you are 55 or 65 you will have a couple millions .
Go look at the 2027 price targets from Wedbush and decide if you want to sell
Of course ! Just forget the hype and treat it as a long term investment , and start dollar cost averaging into it alongside whatever else you have in your portfolio . Ignore the daily movement , and congrats on a nice little bonus from your boss !
Gotcha , so I've looked at the differences between the two , Roth and Simple IRA . I have a Simple because my employer contributes . Is it worth opening a Roth along with my Simple ?
Jfc .
That is above my level to answer , maybe someone else can chime in . Glad you ’ re starting regardless
Now I ’ ll do you one better . Go read the UBS report on a stock called ASTS and their price targets for 2027 and 2028 .
All good , I really appreciate your help .
If you can afford to hit your employer ’ s max contribution and max out a Roth I would definitely do it . I can ’ t exactly explain the tax implications but you should receive advantages lol
Will you update with your preliminary decision when you make it ?
Hey , thanks for the reply . It's been a while since I set up the Simple , but I'm pretty sure I max on the employer contribution . I like advantages ! I'll look into getting a Roth set up .
After talking to y'all and doing more research it looks like I'm gonna hold it . All the reports for now are suggesting either " strong hold " or " moderate buy " . It was basically " free " money so I'll treat it like I never had it in the first place . I'm still planning on opening a Roth and investing in that as well as the employer contribution into the simple . Again , thanks for the help and insight .
Since I'm considerable older than you , I will tell you what I would do with them . Open the ROTH NOW . See if you can transfer the shares to this ROTH and pay the capital gains tax on it for the year 2024 . Then when you are 59 1/2 you can pull whatever is out tax free
I have to take this back since I think I mis-understood how you received this , You appear to have gotten this stock not as a transfer to your IRA . So in order to move it to a ROTH you would have to sell it , put the money into a ROTH then re-buy the NVDA as part of your ROTH account
The number of people in this sub who actually understand this market is , well - id say astonishingly low , but this is Reddit :)
Sir this is a Wendy's
If you are asking if people can predict the future then no .
Both is always true . The stock market and even individual stocks is a mix of positive and negative news.where You have to weigh and figure out which matters more .. welcome to investing
Buy the stock Hold the stock a few years Sell Buy a house Really not much more to it , buy more when it dips .
It sounds like you are asking for a magical piece of information about what earnings / outlook are going to be reported today and how the market will respond to that information . Report back here when you find that and I'll put my lifesavings in play . That aside , if you generally believe in the case for NVDA , simply buy long . I recommend dollar cost averaging .
OP - Information on what ? NVDA is releasing there earning today … What else do you want to know ? Or did you want to just be part of all the clowns making a post bitching about other people ’ s posts ? There are a number of people that have posted on the sub about their opinion on NVDA and how the company will do . If you looking for someone that has insider information and gonna tell you how earnings will go , maybe you should pick up the phone and call Nancy Pelosi to get that info . As the rest of us ape are as clueless as you …
find dieselcock or sam weis not sure if i spelled his username correctly
Bro it ’ s a few % . Don ’ t invest more than you can take
Only Mr Market knows sir . Ask him
It's just a bunch of people who are usually new to investing , recently bought in , and are hyping the stock .
Unfortunately this subreddit has exploded with the number of short term traders . If you're a buy and hold investor , the daily comments and posts on here are not of much information . Tbh the thesis for inevsting in Nvidia hasn't changed for a few years . Accelerated computing , DGX , CuDA , and AI data factories . It's just now all coming into reality .
And what is " information " ? You won't find any coming from within the company here , obviously , and you will hear a whole lot of speculation that will be based on any and all levels of analysis . The best information comes from the links people share , which always help me . Here are the central tips that I think most people here would share : * Nvidia's offerings are key to the success of multiple companies investing in AI , and that AI is still a rapidly growing field and probably will be for quite a while . * We can also tell you that the stock price impact from today's earnings announcements will be short-term . * If you buy more than 100 shares , you can sell secured call options to grab some cash back from your investments , without selling any shares . If you set your strike price too low and your shares get assigned , just buy them back again and keep going . Let's all get rich together !
Bought a few more nvda and a boatload of pltr !
nah
Sam Weiss does great analysis
Obviously there are smart people here . But the right question is how to tell who they are .
I thought they'd be more well informed specific analysis I could learn from but there isn't . If fairly disappointing . These drops were predictable just by the pattern but no group effort to try to time them better . They had to have been algorithmic based off market conditions.it ' s always a double tap .
Are you more of an investor or trader ? If trading , then I recommend joining the more specific subreddits like r / options etc .
$ SMCI messed up so bad today 🤯
R / tradingedge is a great stock Reddit
All we know are whispers and they are BEAT on all fronts but wall street can freak out and can go either way it ’ s a 50/50 shot lol
lol na but I see software engineers arguing in here . So there ’ s that . Don ’ t know for sure what ’ s happening tho
Nah , this sub specializes in hand-wringing .
When moon ?
alias betrays . . . but ask away about the company ( not a trade ) .
What you're experiencing is called Chaos - - we exist in a world of near infinite variables and the real answer is that no one knows the answer , so everything on this subreddit is just a projection of each individual's experience and attempt to recognize some pattern that is and always will be subject to change for reasons we may never identify . Good luck !
just read diselcock
NVDA has caught the attention of regards
Is there a website that will release the earnings report once announced , before waiting for the morning ?
Here ’ s some information : NVDA over hyped !
Then leave kid . I don't know what to tell you .
to answer your question , nah . If anyone actually knew what they were talking about their accounts would reflect huge profits . Most just gamble . And like with gambling sometimes you win but mostly you lose . Thats why there are few people here that post huge wins . Most just buy high and sell low .
Nah
It's a definite maybe .
You just see a bunch of people on here trying to get encouragement for them putting all their money into NVDA . Everything is great when it's going up but when it drops , they all panic . Most of them don't know what they are doing and a market correction will prove that .
Sir this is a circle jerk .
Just buy and hold . Nothing further
Just put the fries in the bag bro
Do your own due diligence . Reddit can have useful information but not your best source necessarily . There ’ s lots of articles out there that will educate on NVDA , and study and learn everything you can about stocks . It ’ s boring and really dry but it helps .
No one understands the market completely and with certainty . Even rooms full of PhDs can be wrong .
Reddit is social stuff for fun , and that's what you got to see it as . Just read enough and you will get info . On here is some legit advice but also full of loud moth bears and bulls , who is just echoing bull or bear . The answer is read read , think and read . Gain experience
Just know there's hope
u / DieselClock
You can expect that anywhere though . The average person doesn ’ t understand shit about the market . OP is bitching because he wants someone to do his thinking for him .
Or yes . Or no .
> It sounds like you are asking for a magical piece of information about what earnings / outlook are going to be reported today and how the market will respond to that information . Report back here when you find that and I'll put my lifesavings in play . There has to be some kind of a happy medium between claiming to be a mystic seer who can predict the future on the one hand , and making braindead posts with a picture of a bull and a caption that says " YoU lOsE bEaRs ! ! ! 1 " on the other . Way too many posts on here fall into the latter category .
Is secured are secured call options the same as covered calls ? I still don ’ t understand how it works but you may have simplified it for me
Is it too much to expect an internet forum to tell me the exact stock to buy for 100 % gain in a month and be never wrong / s
Totally agree , but that's reddit for you . Go over to the meme stock subs and it's ridiculous the level of emotion-based ( semi-religious ) bullishness .
Yes , covered calls . If you sell someone the option to buy 100 shares of the stock from you at a strike price higher than it is presently trading , there are only two possible outcomes : - The stock never reaches the strike price before the option expires , so you keep all the premium and your shares . It's a bonus . - The stock does reach the strike price before expiration and the call option is assigned , which means you will sell the shares at that strike price , collecting the sale price as well as the premium .
It should be noted that it is best to pursue the strategy when the stock is trading higher than the average price you paid for the 100 shares that cover your call , which makes the assignment scenario profitable . Clearly , the better scenario is for the stock to stay below the strike price so that you can keep your premium and avoid selling your shares at a price below market . There are fairly simple ways to use options to recover from that , but then you're playing catch-up , which can be tiring .
R & D baby . Tech has never moved this fast in history .
Jensen has mentioned several times their interest in robotics . Nvidia recently purchased about 10 % of Serve Robotics . I expect to see more of this , along with partnerships with other robotics companies .
They do buybacks , dividends , R & D , acquisitions and partnerships … .
They spent 10B on buybacks last year . They have taken out a few hundred million in convertible senior notes to pay dividends . They're spending about double what they're spending on RD as an average over the last 4 years annually on buyback .
Usually companies would buy back stock or pay dividends , but the stock is so overpriced the yield on either case would be awful , so they pay themselves and reinvest in R & D
They're apparently funding and launching a new CPU chipset soon based on the T - 800 technology before the holidays . Supposed to practically spell armageddon for Intel and AMD
To do research and to improve their products with the best possible resources available
I heard they're developing humanoid robots and large language models . Etc . They're also buying other companies .
Building robots
Yes , it ’ s my thesis that either a special dividend , or buybacks will be in the cards in the next 2 years . Most likely the buybacks , market cap will fly .
R & D and probably looking to expand their services division . A lot of analysts expect significant return to investors in the form of buybacks in the next couple of years . When youre sitting on hundreds of billions of dollars in cash , that's not a bad plan .
Spending on research on quantum computers .
Imagine if they increase dividends .
Isn't the dividend comically low ?
House bots otw in ~ 5 yrs
A bonus 1x dividend .
Developing the 5090
I do hope they announce the new development of the next gen chip that increases the capacity by a much greater amount compared to the existing ones . That will again make this stock go haywire .
Same as always . Just because they are valued at 3T doesn't mean they are generating net profits like the other 3T companies . Still got a long way to go before their earnings reach that point , and that takes lots of money .
Part of money for buy back
Have you tried reading their financial statements ?
Jensen is no idiot . One of the best CEOs on the planet . Trust it's going to R & D and anything returns value .
Leather jackets .
The nvda engineers are making millions of dollars
don't be surprised if they wait for INTC to get really distressed and then offer to buy them out
Capacity , capacity , capacity .
I wish they would develop something that makes training easier and more understandable .. it still feels like I need to be a PhD in statistics to do anything
AI porn
Johnny Cash is no longer with us sir . NVDA just makes my numbers on the screen go up that ’ s all
Probably nothing , chilling mostly .
Buying intel soon
Thinking buybacks
hookers and blackjack are always a popular choice
One unreliable source told me they are building giant ladder so they can claim the diamonds on top of mount everst
higher salaries and bonuses for execs and parties and dinners and excursions
There's probably a budget for hookers and blow in there somewhere
Astute observation , how much did they spend on R & D last year ?
What tech NVDA doesn't have anything different in chip technology then all the rest of the manufacturers
Well they also bought shares in SOUN I can't tell if it was for the Voice AI tech , but there hasn't been any partnerships since the news on Feb 2024 It seems that they are just acquiring shares of possible tech Gems
The Serve Robotic in dollar term is so insignificant to them , they buy it so they can get the data . They may have some sort of supplier agreement in place but unlikely significant to them for decision making . I think it is the data they get for development purpose
Have you actually seen a serve robotics robot ? You would be underwhelmed . Don't get me wrong . I love Nvidia , and they will keep my family in the money for generations to come , but the hype in the media about Serve doesn't match with reality . They are those little ice cream carts that always get stuck and vandalized on the streets around Hollywood . More of a novelty for now and not worth what the investment community says they are . It's kinda like pharmaceutical stocks . Every once in a while , they come up with a blockbuster ( like ozempic ) , but more often than not , they spend billions on a drug that only a few thousand will benefit from , and the market goes wild , not understanding the lack of potential ... that's why I don't do pharmaceutical stocks , and I'm a physician !
Yeah , but they give out compensation in the form of stock options , diluting the shares . They have to stop that
Yep . $ 18 billion would buy back 0.6 % of stock .
I ’ d rather r and d and acquisitions than buybacks which is usually inefficient
So they sink their own stock for a while , and then buy back . It's not hard to do with Nvidia because the market responds harshly to any inkling of bad news ... like Jensen stubbing his toe in the morning will send the stock Plummeting
T - 800 ? The Terminator thing ? !
Just wait for the T - 1000 technology .
I wonder when the inevitable anti-trust investigation will begin ? The only saving grace is that NVDA's share of the consumer GPU market is hardly a monopoly . Intel still holds most of the CPU market .
Dividends aren ’ t free money
A penny . Seriously .
Do they talk about what the intended use of cash on hand is ? I did not see much detail around future uses of excess cash on their financial statements
As much as I get that AI porn is coming / here and will be immensely profitable , I don ’ t think that NVDA is going to participate in it directly … .. although CALLS on pornhub and the affiliated producers !
Acquisitions are part of R & D to some extent
The AI software factory that Nvidia is building isn ’ t talked about much but it will be a massive source of revenue IMHO . As a responder to one of my posts stated they ’ re doing in AI what containerizing did for logistics . AI use case containers .
Tbh . Those purchases could also be as exchange for AI power . Nvidia supplies chips for way more than what the company could afford in exchange of stake in the company . The company grows and nvidia profits way more in the long term .
They also bought a stake in recursion pharmaceuticals RXRX
I agree . I ’ m really not sold on this type of delivery service for robotics . But it seems to have popped off once Nvidia claimed a stake in it
I disagree , stock options are ok if they are in conjunction with buying back stock . They are the norm in this and many other sectors . You want the best and brightest , that ’ s how they got to this point .
I agree . Keep spending on R & D and small AI company acquisitions ... much better ROI for investors !
Breaking news . Jensen hasn't pooped in 3 days . The Nvidia stock plummeted 10 % on the news .
No clue . I wasn't being serious in my previous comment , but not sure if you caught that or not
yes , they serve as a control function on the stock price .
What's the point LoL
Read through the past 4 earnings reports analysts questions whenever asked on dividends and shareholder returns . CEO and CFO have stressed that they believe Nvidia is still in the growth phase and are heavily allocating capital to R & D and acquisitions .
You know what's funny about them ? They have names and people attribute personalities to them , even try to help out if they get stuck . When they can interact with us , people might even become attached to them
small companies with potential is usually a great way to unlock a load of value , esp if the acqusition is like 100-500 million . not enough money to really dent the needle but could strike a motherlode of value and also acquire personnel talent and patents as well , plus expanding a footprint into applicable industries . NVDA has a ton of cash for this and is situated excellently to do so .
Well , it could be colon cancer !
Having a dividend , even just a penny , gets the stock included in some dividend ETFs .
Why don't all stocks have dividends then ?
I'm so pissed I didn't have money to put in below 100
I enjoyed the time I had buying 😌
omé du fromage ...
It'll be over 150 by end of year . Probably 160 + is more realistic .
I ’ ll buy some tomorrow if it keeps pulling back
Gorgeous pull back days . Bought some more . 😇
I wish I would have dumped like 2k into NVDL
Yo same , I got ONE 100 $ sep 20 and made like 200 % on it tho lol , wanted to buy more but I didn't have any liquid cash :(
Same bruh . Same .
the price yesterday was cheaper than today ☠ ️ ☠ ️
Don ’ t feel bad I had 186K in this in 2019 I did leave 29K in there but about 1.5 million on the table of gains I left
indeed , i just buy on red days
Don't think about it like that it'll fuck you over that mindset . You took a profit . That's that .
Good tactic bro , especially with nvidia
I know I agree I still have 29K and there is 448 right now . It would ’ ve been 2 million .
well i didnt have one for 8 days .. lol got annoying there , i just scalped calls
Missed their chance to call it NVindia
This is still good news for nvida . Let people see the difference
Whew if the mentioned country is China I'll be worried little bit . India can't even help Apple manufacture proper phone . 😅
They ’ re just trying to ride the AI wave , and Indian companies don ’ t spend enough on R & D for AI related things . So don ’ t get your hopes high , also they try to sell their products on the basis of nationalism ( its a thing in India apparently )
Its AI bot will have lots of ' doubts ' .
I ’ m not an expert but correct me if I ’ m wrong . Using an ARM architecture means it ’ s just a small ancillary chip , rather than a big $ 50k GPU processor . Correct ? It just seems awfully late to bring an ARM chip that is already made by SoftBank , Apple , Google , or etc .
Nothing in business is as good for Youre business , than bad opposition ?
NDNvidia ( Rez Dogs 4ever ! )
i'm sure its full of bugs .
Now even AI is gonna try to scam us .
It ’ s AI-AI-over 😭 😭
As in Amazon ’ s AI ? Actual Indian ?
call center on a chip ?
Lol the flag on the pic . Imagine nvda chips all had US flag plastered on it ( in media )
INDIAVIDIA
Reddit is disgusting and racist as always .
Don ’ t underestimate India , tech savvy and very smart .
I ’ m also releasing a new best in class AI chip in 2026 . It is interesting how our preso look also almost identical - world class this , best in that … lol
Legit laughed out loud
You need to challenge Eminem to a rap battle .
Lolololol
whats the NV stand for ?
😂 🤣
lol that would have been awesome
Dub comment
Is China even capable of making their own decent AI chips ?
China is far behind unless they were to invade Taiwan and take TSMC , but it'd get sabotaged if they did that .
lol not funny but true
Well indis is exporting apple phone all over Asia and making billions . Read more .
It's a thing in every country . There's always nationalist / patiriotist
But it will faithfully execute the needful .
They couldn't make a wafer large enough for that
It's the media company who posted that pic . Not the company responsible for manufacturing the chip . Look at the source of image . Also the media company used AI to generate the image
Since it is the first AI chip from India , I don't see what the big deal is with the flag being on the chip . In the US , there are multiple companies touting AI chips .
Yes
It seems so . https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/artificial-intelligence/huawei-already-has-a-new-chip-to-rival-nvidia-ai-gpus
Heck TSMC cant even make chips in the US and they actually want to do that , imagine how well a hostile workforce would do .
I wouldn't say far behind . The Chinese government sees this as highly strategic so dumps tens of billions into the industry . China leads in wafer production but also sees continued progress on the lithography front . They reached 7nm class and should be able to produce 5nm class chips relatively soon . Also I'd point out that TSMC is the leader in manufacturing and packaging but they still buy lithography systems like everyone else . It is Dutch company ASML which is the sole supplier of Extreme Ultraviolet ( EUV ) systems and therefore they are the key to cutting edge chip production .
India ’ s nationalism runs DEEP
[ deleted ]
and revert today morning
Yeah that's why I specified in media in parenthesis . Just thought it was funny
Ok , I don't blame them . China has to make their own eventually since the u . s . imposes the trade restrictions on them .
And ASML is not permitted to sell its most advanced EUV lithography tools to China . Combine that with Nvidia ’ s own restrictions selling to China and China is really behind the eight ball . You can throw billions at a problem but at a certain point money can ’ t do everything . China is still a decade behind at least .
Only because white people invaded it . It owned roughly 25 % of the world ’ s trade prior to occupation .
They might even make chips that run CUDA given their aversion to copyright law
China isn't going the euv route and they're still managing 7nm production which is impressive . I think they're still screwed btw but they should still be taken seriously .
> ASML is not permitted to sell its most advanced EUV lithography tools to China As I said , this is of strategic importance to China . China , who has a GDP 10x greater than Taiwan and the Netherlands combined , along with millions of educated engineers and an established semiconductor industry , will [ develop their own ] ( https://www.scmp.com/tech/tech-war/article/3257442/tech-war-china-quietly-making-progress-new-techniques-cut-reliance-advanced-asml-lithography ) E / DUV lithography systems as a response . China was once also behind in EVs , batteries , and green energy systems but the government decided to throw money , talent , and policy behind the problem . Now they dominate . Unless policy shifts for some reason then all they really need is time . > Combine that with Nvidia ’ s own restrictions selling to China The US government has restrictions which NVIDIA must comply with . But this is the much easier part of the puzzle to overcome . All of NVIDIA's competitors make matrix multiplication accelerators , startups are making them , and even NVIDIA's own customers are making them . There's not a lot of special sauce here and China is already making [ capable replacements ] ( https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/artificial-intelligence/huawei-already-has-a-new-chip-to-rival-nvidia-ai-gpus ) .
But today is today and that ’ s what matters when investing .
China dominates the EV market in terms of quantity but the quality of their EVs is nothing compared to Tesla , Rivian , etc . Plus , they ’ re receiving heavy backlash from the West for dumping exports onto the market , so they ’ re going to have trouble gaining a foothold outside of a few countries in Asia . Saying NVDA doesn ’ t have a special sauce is absolutely wild . If that were true then they wouldn ’ t have over 80 % market share . China may well catch up but NVDA / TSMC / Samsung will still be two steps ahead by that point . And everybody knows that China is not yet a true technological innovator . They ’ re excellent at IP theft and copycatting products but their ability to create organic technological breakthroughs remains almost nil . It will likely continue to be this way as long as the CCP continues reigning in its most successful corporations ( see Alibaba and Jack Ma ) to prevent any entity from becoming powerful enough to challenge CCP rule ( at least , that ’ s how the CCP sees things ) . Paranoia is an inherent trait of communist regimes , and that ’ s why Chinese industry will not catch up with the West .
The special sauce is the legitimate actual tangible hardware & software , not fake press releases , vaporware or boutique costly short-run hardware . Everyone and their dog is planning an AI processor , but do they have the capital and expertise to pull it off ? Nvidia has the chip , data center interconnect solutions , and the software . Today , right now , you can tangibly use their product on real AI work . They have also consistently delivered and pushed the envelope every product cycle , even while others have held back . That speaks volumes compared a press release about a Huawei chip with ambiguous and non-disclosed performance data which is running into production issues while being manufactured on an inferior node . If that's who you're banking on unseating Nvidia , good luck .
The semiconductor equipment industry is not just Netherlands , and Taiwan . Instead it is a large integrated industry encompassing countless nations within Europe , east Asia , and Northern America that have spent decades developing both private and public infrastructure to reach the level it is today . While China is improving in research , it still has between two to three times less number of active researchers than the coalition of nations mentioned earlier . [ https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/researchers-in-rd-per-million-people?tab=chart&country=CHN\~OWID\_EU27\~USA\~JPN\~KOR ] ( https://ourworldindata.org/grapher/researchers-in-rd-per-million-people?tab=chart&country=CHN~OWID_EU27~USA~JPN~KOR ) An essential and core component in the development of China ’ s dominance within green industries was a unilateral requirement for technological transfer requirements , and domestic investment for foreign business to operate within China . In the semiconductor equipment sector this will not occur owing to the implementation of various trade measures against China . [ * * https://fsi9-prod.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/s3fs-public/2023-07/technology\_transfer\_policy\_7.1.23.pdf** ] ( https://fsi9-prod.s3.us-west-1.amazonaws.com/s3fs-public/2023-07/technology_transfer_policy_7.1.23.pdf )
I think NIO , XPeng , and BYD rate fairly well against EU / US EV makers . And I'm not sure it's fair to say they are " dumping exports " . China invested , got costs down , and made a cheaper and competitive product which naturally saw demand grow . We are now seeing reactionary protectionism on the part of the EU / US because they failed to invest in the industry back when China did . In fact a major political party in the US went out of their way to hold back the EV and green energy sector so this is what happens . I don't think any of that tells you much about China's ability to make chips though . > Saying NVDA doesn ’ t have a special sauce is absolutely wild . If that were true then they wouldn ’ t have over 80 % market share I would argue first mover advantage and a whole host of anti-competitive behavior helped with that . It wasn't that NVIDIA was the only chipmaker in the world who could produce a matrix math chip . People now seem to have figured this out and you'll see that market share figure decreasing . > And everybody knows that China is not yet a true technological innovator You raise some interesting points here but there are just too many examples of real innovation occurring for us to assume " paranoia " or some other vague value is going to be a major factor . China innovates in many areas such as ; high speed rail , manufacturing , EVs , batteries , solar / wind systems , drones , biotech / pharmaceuticals , quantum communications , satellite systems , and robotics . > CCP continues reigning in its most successful corporations The US often breaks up powerful companies too . That's not necessarily a sign of stifling innovation .
> Everyone and their dog is planning an AI processor , but do they have the capital and expertise to pull it off ? Yes ; * [ AMD ] ( https://www.cnbc.com/2023/12/06/meta-and-microsoft-to-buy-amds-new-ai-chip-as-alternative-to-nvidia.html ) * [ Google ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/apple-says-it-uses-no-nvidia-gpus-train-its-ai-models-2024-07-29/ ) * [ Microsoft ] ( https://azure.microsoft.com/en-us/blog/azure-maia-for-the-era-of-ai-from-silicon-to-software-to-systems/ ) * [ Meta ] ( https://about.fb.com/news/2024/04/introducing-our-next-generation-infrastructure-for-ai/ ) * [ Amazon ] ( https://aws.amazon.com/machine-learning/trainium/ ) These are real products you can use now . Buy an MI300 system from Dell , rent a TPU from Google , train an LLM on Amazon's Trainium chip . Nothing stopping you . > Nvidia has the chip , data center interconnect solutions , and the software That isn't unique . We can say the same for AMD , Intel , Google , Amazon , Meta , Microsoft , Baidu , Tencent , Huawei etc . > That speaks volumes compared a press release about a Huawei chip Huawei is a massive conglomerate making phones , laptops , wearables , 5G carrier systems , routers , switches , firewalls , storage systems , software and services for data center management among other things . This isn't a small company issuing press releases for vapor-ware because they need attention . Their previous [ 910B ] ( https://finance.yahoo.com/news/huawei-says-ai-chip-better-093000979.html?guccounter=1&guce_referrer=aHR0cHM6Ly93d3cuZ29vZ2xlLmNvbS8&guce_referrer_sig=AQAAAC3Vab7WAiKdwaM1ze0o6k-oITTMp7CczefFynXQGVcswIYrlrEl6uBJFVYEK0ZyoqworNAnqZcMi7bdWC5Bl_4nkxDnS7KiEFeVs-jyEvL1IOXtABte3IfOyUpSEgH8dizA80OtMk3J3Qb4hVaHQTc-JQ9fbyo4kIMbHVlrAzYK ) is already actively used as an alternative to the NVIDIA A100 and is doing well enough that [ NVIDIA was forced to cut prices in China ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/nvidia-cuts-china-prices-huawei-chip-fight-sources-say-2024-05-24/ ) and there's now weak demand for NVIDIA's export-cleared H20 in China . The newer 910C improves on performance just as NVIDIA faces export controls and supply challenges .
With a significant amount of that industry being located inside China . China may not have as any many researchers * per capita * but that should be obvious since a quarter of China's 1.3 billion strong population works in agriculture and GPD per capita is still just $ 13k . But because China's population is so large they produce as many university graduates per year as the US and EU combined . Perhaps even more so . Your second point is a good one but taking advantage of tech transfers doesn't mean you can't innovate . China does and we see examples of this in many sectors . I think arguments that China is behind and will remain so for decades are short sighted . They appear to largely hinge on the idea that China would be unable to create EUV systems - this seems like a poor assumption . China is putting $ 50 billion and their best minds to work on the problem and when China sets about doing something it usually gets done . Not that chip manufacturing stops at EUV . There will be emerging technologies which supplant it and there's no reason to assume ASML will crack the codes to any of those .
> Buy an MI300 system from Dell . Yes , so long as you don't run into AMD software compatibility issues . Hopefully ROCm works for you , or whatever tooling you're using has taken AMD into consideration . AMD is probably the most legitimate direct competitor , but their software maturity is still no where near the same , and while on paper their hardware could perform well , it's often hamstrung by poor software compatibility which leaves performance on the table . > rent a TPU from Google Sure , if Google has availability for their latest TPUs and you can tolerate the TPU software stack . > Train an LLM on Amazon's Trainium chip . Sure you can train on AWS ' outdated Trainium 1 chip because Trainium 2 still isn't in wide availability despite being announced last November , and even when it is widely available is only potentially comparable to existing 2 - year-old options from Nvidia . > Azure Maia 100 When is this thing going to actually be available ? You go to Azure's AI site and they're prominently advertising Nvidia hardware , with this accelerator nowhere to be found . > Huawai 910B The chip that they're struggling to actually produce in volume due to its size and old process node technology ? https://www.tomshardware.com/tech-industry/artificial-intelligence/huawei-reportedly-facing-bad-ai-chip-yields-for-processors-made-at-chinese-fab-smic-report When Blackwell arrives , it will become the new high-water mark for which other products will be measured against , and they'll pale in comparison . The fact other companies are barely starting to catch-up ( or pretend they have products that are on par ) with Nvidia's 2 - year-old offering is testament to Nvidia's prowess and continued dominance in the market . If you want shit to " just work " , you go with Nvidia . If you have no other option or are willing to roll the dice at being locked into a solution by a company who's got their fingers in a million pies , then sure you can try the alternatives , if they can actually even sell you a product .
* * * China may not have as any many researchers per capita but that should be obvious since a quarter of China's 1.3 billion strong population works in agriculture and GPD per capita is still just $ 13k . * * * That is true . I however factored this population difference when I was estimating the total number of researchers in the west and China . My estimation derived a figure that indicated that the coalition of western nations had 2.5- 3.0 times the number of researchers when compared to China . * * * But because China's population is so large they produce as many university graduates per year as the US and EU combined . Perhaps even more so . * * * Even though this claim does seem to be true according to UNESCO education database . I however disagree on the significance of this . As university graduates mean little if this talent is not being fully utilised in a relevant research environment . India also has a greater number of ISCED 6 + / bachelor degrees than both China , and the west . This variable clearly does not translate automatically to the research levels of a nation . * * * I think arguments that China is behind and will remain so for decades are short sighted . They appear to largely hinge on the idea that China would be unable to create EUV systems - this seems like a poor assumption . * * * I don ’ t believe that China will never achieve EUV . Rather it ’ s going to take significantly longer than anticipated than the estimations provided by many pro-Chinese outlets and analysts . The intrinsic difficulties involved with creating EUV is insane . Even when a fully functioning EUV machine is created for instance ASML 2004 alpha demo . It still took nearly twenty years to develop the infrastructure to turn it into a machine capable of high volume manufacturing represented by the ASML 3400C . Each ASML machine has up to 100,000 different components , with each component potentially having thousands of different parts at a nanometer layer scale such as ZEISS optical mirrors . The speed of China ’ s advancement in the domain of lithography also gives no impression of any accelerated progress relative to the west . For instance , SMEE released their SSA 600 series in 2014 with 90nm resolution , followed by the SSA 800 in 2023 , a nine-year gap . In contrast , ASML released a DUV machine with 90nm resolution in 2002 and their first immersion DUV machine in 2007 , a five-year gap . In addition , even today China has not demonstrated a machine equivalent to ASML's 2004 alpha demo . Personally , my estimations for China achieving EUV at mass scale at a low numerical aperture will be the late 2030s . While they will achieve high numerical aperture machines by the late to mid 2040s . I also expect them to release a fully functional prototype reminiscent to the 2004 ASML alpha demo between now and 2030 .
> Yes , so long as you don't run into AMD software compatibility issues What ' compatibility issues ' have you run into exactly ? AMD is a founding member of the pytorch org , every model runs on them , and they are more capable than NVIDIA's offerings . All of which is why they are eating into NVIDIA's sales . > if Google has availability for their latest TPUs and you can tolerate the TPU software stack They do , such that very large organizations like Apple choose them over NVIDA parts . And what do you mean " TPU software stack " ? It supports all standard frameworks like TensorFlow , JAX , and PyTorch . I'm guess Apple's engineers have evaluated TPUs but you have not . AI chips by Microsoft , Meta , and Amazon , are either in production or coming soon ( this year ) . Amazon plans to offer AI training options at a lower price than can be had with NVIDIA parts . Meta aims to save significant amounts of money by training their models on in-house silicon . Microsoft will do the same while also offering them on their Azure cloud for others . These companies have put tens of billions into these multi-year projects specifically so they don't have to give NVIDIA more money than they absolutely have to . > When Blackwell arrive Yes , when is that again ? Whenever it does arrive it'll have to compete with the MI325 and TPUv 6 while being much more expensive . It may also have to complete with Microsoft's parts . > If you want shit to " just work " , you go with Nvidia You've not used any of these other systems so we can just ignore comments like this .
Good commentary . I have no arguments to make against any of this .
Generally when working with Stable Diffusion or LLMs there's extra hoops to jump through to get AMD hardware working , and even then it's not as performant . Also most research is being done with Nvidia hardware . If you're doing novel stuff it's likely going to work with Nvidia better . You can read about some of the concerns with Google TPU in Hacker News post below . I don't have personal experience with Google TPU , but do have experience with Google's shitty customer service . If you have deep pockets like Apple you can probably solve it by throwing money at it . https://news.ycombinator.com/item?id=39670121 > AI chips by Microsoft , Meta , and Amazon , are either in production or coming soon ( this year ) . What exactly is available right now from these companies that actually outperforms Nvidia in the real world ? You posted a bunch of chips comparable to Nvidia's 2 - year-old products that aren't even available . Part of the problem is finding real-world performance data on these cloud chips . A lot of " trust me bro " press releases . You should already know when Blackwell is coming out , although you seem hyper focused on Nvidia's competitors , instead of the dominant market leader . Have you developed Google TPU solutions ? Somehow accessed a Trainium 2 before others ? Got an engineering sample of the Azure Maiai 100 , or a working Huawei 910B ? Why should we trust you that " shit just works " on these other solutions in an industry dominated by Nvidia hardware ? Feel free to bet against Nvidia & Blackwell , bet on the MI325 and TPUv 6 instead . The people betting against Nvidia the last decade haven't faired too well , maybe this is your year to turn it around . I wouldn't bet on it though .
Thank you , it ’ s nice to discuss a topic with someone in good faith .
The WSJ article is paywalled . You can read it here : https://archive.ph/gOKZo Some highlights : * " Every time a rival announces AI chips meant to compete with Nvidia ’ s , it is up against systems that Nvidia ’ s customers have been using for more than 15 years to write mountains of code . That software can be difficult to shift to a competitor ’ s system . At its June shareholders meeting , Nvidia announced that CUDA now includes more than 300 code libraries and 600 AI models , and supports 3,700 GPU-accelerated applications used by more than five million developers at roughly 40,000 companies . " * " Babak Pahlavan , CEO of startup NinjaTech AI , says he would have used Nvidia ’ s hardware and software to launch his company — if he could have afforded it . But shortages of Nvidia ’ s powerful H100 chips have kept prices high and access challenging . Pahlavan and his co-founders eventually turned to Amazon , which makes its own custom chips for training AI , the process by which such systems “ learn ” from huge troves of data . After months of effort , the team finally succeeded in training their AI on Amazon ’ s chips , known as Trainium . It wasn ’ t easy . “ There were lots of challenges and bugs , ” says Pahlavan , whose team at NinjaTech AI met four times a week , for months , with an Amazon software team ... To serve more than a million users a month , NinjaTech ’ s cloud-services bill at Amazon is about $ 250,000 a month , says Pahlavan . If he were running the same AI on Nvidia chips , it would be between $ 750,000 and $ 1.2 million " There's a common criticism that CUDA locks customers into the Nvidia platform . So NinjaTech AI claims to be saving money , but now they are locked into Amazon's cloud platform with Amazon as the only vendor , as opposed to Nvidia services available at all the world's major cloud computing providers , on-premise , or at many other vendors .
It might sound crazy but tech people are creatures of habit and aren ’ t big on change unlike people think . As much as folks think about pushing the envelope on innovation , folks find a product they like and more important is reliable . They ’ re less likely to change suppliers or products unless there are significant improvements in performance or cost . Call it peace of mind and familiarity .
they have been doing this stuff for decades . AND they gave away free AI and GPU software to all the researchers FOR DECADES TOO . THAT is how they became king of the hill . what sort of FREE STUFF is AMD giving out ? ? ? For instance , AMD is supposedly better positioned for AI in the home on local PCs . What are they going to do to entice me to buy an AI ready PC that has an AMD processor and GPU in it ? Huge discount ? Free LLM programming online classes for a year ? Bundled software at cost ?
First to market advantage .. also helps that they were also a market leader in GPUs so had already all of the manufacturing processes and machines in place , most work was done on R & D for hardware and drivers , etc .. built an eco-system that due to being the best have managed to get a major chunk of the users / market .. Still don ’ t get drunk on your own supplies .. we already know it means nothing for the stock price .. if Nvidia ‘ s share price was reflecting the achievements of the company in the last 2 years , your stock would already be worth a thousand dollar post split !
Tech here , in small companies it might vary , but when dealing with established and medium-large companies , we do prefer guaranteed stability and predicted performance over a long period of time instead of a bleeding-edge product that is not yet able to guarantee all of that . It also makes sense , a young Start up with a new product and just a handful of customers have better tolerance ( from customers ) to failures or service issues .. whereas a product of an established company where customers pay in some cases thousands of dollars monthly for access and are already using the product and have it fully integrated into their daily business routine will have an almost zero tolerance to such things
[ deleted ]
AMD cpus and gpus are some of tbe best performance to cost ratio products on tbe market
Anyone who work in tech and especially software and knows how much money is required to develop , run and maintain those software packages knows the phrase „ if you get it for free , you are the product “ , same like Facebook and Google did . and still do .. Nvidia did the same , it was a good move , first contribute to a cause , give away resources for free in exchange for free feedback , free contributions ( people developing software packages and framework around said SDKs .. ) , and free market share ( people getting used to use your product as their go-to package for certain duties )
OpenCL works across AMD graphics cards ...
> Still don ’ t get drunk on your own supplies .. we already know it means nothing for the stock price .. if Nvidia ‘ s share price was reflecting the achievements of the company in the last 2 years , your stock would already be worth a thousand dollar post split ! Show your math ... ?
[ deleted ]
Math ? I am literally working in this industry , for a company who own their own data centers , who purchased a few very expensive Nvidia GPUs and AI servers which we utilize for the last 6-7 months running our own „ ChatGPT “ ( if you wish .. ) that is offered to customers as a service , I think in our data center we have about 10 of those € 10K / pop 80GB GPUs .. built as pairs in 5 servers . Anyway , to avoid a senseless argument .. I ’ d add : that was my personal opinion , each to him self
> NVDA has the factories What factories ? You know that TSMC produces the chips , right ?
I wasn't looking to argue with you , I'm looking for how you arrived at your $ 1000 / share valuation . Seems like it's not based on math and data though , and more just based on your feelings . Thank you for reminding me that some ( most ) people on this sub have no clue how to analyze a stock's intrinsic value .
It was not a real figure , just demonstrating how much the current ( and probably for the next couple of months ) stock price does not even come close to the technical and business movements the company made .. I was driving this argument because everyone here seem to be stuck on the fact that Nvidia are market leaders and have great earning as a pure indication that the stock is gonna shoot to the moon . Even as a stock market noob I know there is a lot more to that which affect stock price
I mean , I tend to agree with you , but if you don't understand a company's financials and forecast , how do you know whether a stock is undervalued or overvalued ?
Not talking about finances , please don ’ t try to take this out of context , my one and only argument was to explain that the fact the Nvidia are at this moment pretty much a monopoly in the market for data center grade AI GPUs and are the most innovative .. does not mean 200-300- 400 per share next month , same for super cool earning reports
You literally said that the stock price doesn't reflect the company's " technical and business movements . " How could you possibly know that without understanding the company's financials ? Hint : you can't
Either you didn ’ t get it , or you just try so hard to take the original argument out of context to make it look foolish even though it ’ s not ? I will answer by using your own logic : How can you say the stock will “ shoot to the moon ” or “ go to 200 by the end of this year ” or whatever based on what ? Hint : you can ’ t
Have you ever read or listened to anything Warren Buffett has ever said ? I don't really have specific price targets for NVDA , but if I did , they would be based on financials , 10Qs and forward guidance , not on gut feelings or whatever . If you want to invest in something that doesn't produce predictable cash flows , maybe you ought to invest in Bitcoin or gold .
Be my guest , by the end of this year when NVDA will be 200 , make a post , tag my username and say “ see ? ” Also you should first learn to read basic texts before financial reports : here is my previous comments , marked some of it in bold to make it easier for people like you : “ * * Not talking about finances * * , please don ’ t try to take this out of context , * * my one and only argument was to explain that the fact the Nvidia are at this moment pretty much a monopoly in the market for data center grade AI GPUs and are the most innovative .. does not mean 200-300- 400 per share next month * * , same for super cool earning reports ”
You seem to think I * don't * think NVDA will be at $ 200 or above ? I never said otherwise . It's just funny that your price predictions are entirely divorced from how the company is actually doing , financially speaking . I would recommend you read into value investing .
When did you buy most of your NVDA ? When it was $ 800 ? when it was $ 130 ? Or when it was $ 44 ?
I trade options , I don't own the underlying . Like I said , I would recommend you read into value investing and not just gamble on stocks because the line goes up .
I don ’ t gamble , I read a bunch of like minded topics , also I am not a “ graph line investor ” , btw you trade options but ask me not to be a gambler ? Interesting .
Options are a financial instrument . It's not gambling . Not everybody who trades options is YOLOing like folks in / r / wallstreetbets . I don't know what a " graph line investor " is . Like I mentioned , I'm in the fundamentals / value investing camp . You seem pretty clueless , honestly . Not sure why I'm wasting my time talking to you ...
Oh , a graph investor is a pretty known gag .. those people who buy stocks based on the graph . Option trading is as gambling as it gets , I probably have better chance not losing my pants buying INTC Don ’ t feel too bad , I have wasted a lot of my time too , you seem to be as clueless as I am actually you just have a a few months more experience and an overinflated self confidence
> Oh , a graph investor is a pretty known gag .. those people who buy stocks based on the graph . Haven't I told you several times that I'm a value investor ? > Option trading is as gambling as it gets , I probably have better chance not losing my pants buying INTC You're an idiot if you actually think options trading is " gambling . " Read this , dummy : https://www.investopedia.com/articles/optioninvestor/06/calculaterisk.asp > > Many investors commonly believe that options are always riskier investments than stocks . However , traders may use options to hedge positions and reduce risk , such as with a protective put . Options can also be used to minimize risk when making directional bets . > Don ’ t feel too bad , I have wasted a lot of my time too , you seem to be as clueless as I am actually you just have a a few months more experience and an overinflated self confidence wut ? Pal , we're both bullish on NVDA . You're just a moron who would rather argue than learn about how options or value investing works . Enjoy your small / closed minded attitude .
oh kid chill out with those insults , I didn ’ t know you are so fragile . Still didn ’ t prove me wrong . As for NVDA , my position is not as big as others , so either way I won ’ t lose my house if it doesn ’ t shoot up to the moon .
Again , you're not actually interested in learning anything and improving your knowledge . If you were , you'd be researching value investing and options strategies . But instead , you just want to fight . Enjoy the ignorance , pal .
You were the one who think we are “ fighting ” , hence your childish insults when being called out . As for wanting to improve ? I actually am improving , a year ago I couldn ’ t tell the difference between a put and a call .. Eh ignorance , you gotta stop with those insults ..
> You were the one who think we are “ fighting ” , hence your childish insults when being called out . What did you call me out for ? > As for wanting to improve ? I actually am improving , a year ago I couldn ’ t tell the difference between a put and a call .. If your knowledge is very limited , why are you suggesting that me trading options instead of underlying is " gambling . " Anyway , I hope you make money on these trades . I'm not trying to fight or argue .
I ’ m leaking .
Pointless , similar thing happened with twitter and facebook against OpenAI for tweets / posts . They just made their APIs super expensive so its not viable to scrap them . That's why lately whenever you go on Instagram for a post or to watch a video on facebook , even seeing tweets , you need to be logged in . Tracks your activity and makes scraping impossible without making a billion bot accounts . Lately the news is just misleading . They are adding pressure on Nvidia because they grew so fast and made a critical mistake , they dont have enough lobbysts in washington to help them out . I think they have like 7 while google and facebook have 100 + each . It's a bigger play , I think they want to drive the price down as much as possible then buy back at once at some random time in the future because they know all this negative news isn't affecting the fundementals and most of it is just stalling and dragging the giant down . You just wait , the next spike is going to be bigger than the first half of this year :) Look here https://www.tradingview.com/news/DJN_DN20240808003744:0/ Those articles are just a small scale propaganda to change people's perception on Nvidia . " While Nvidia's stock skyrocketed over the past year , it's dropped 22 % over the past month amid worries about higher capital spending by some of its Big Tech rivals . " We saw in the last 2 weeks that five magnificent 7 companies said they used up their capex to buy more AI infrastructure ( aka GPUs ) . This article twisted this into bearish news ? Similar with the delays , first it was ' limited delays up to 3 months ' Then it started changing to ' ATLEAST 3 months ' . Also the antitrust probs , similar to the first statement , they dont have enough presence in washington to let such issues slip through , so now they need to spend money getting more lobbysts . All in all , it's market manipulation AND people manipulation . In conclusion , Nvidia is fine . Fundementals are solid , they are still growing . Maybe not at an exponential rate as investors thought , but steadily up . My reserved expectation is that it will test all time high second half next year . My hopeful expectation by end of the year if recession fears subside and war is averted ( so people dont flee to safe stocks ) .
Those are rooky numbers
No . 0 influence on the market . Right now we are on a point where only negative news have an impact , only positive news that could have an impact is the next earnings reports . The fear of a recession is so strong that right now only negative news have an impact . Only hugely positive news can have any kind of positive impact .
They might have to settle on some law suits probably but imo its not much of an impacting thing
I think it ’ s cool af . This is the only place I ’ ve seen this . I think 3 weeks ago would have been a good time for them to announce some of these projects to keep the stock from crashing
Talked about it a few days ago https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ekutzs/leaked_documents_show_nvidia_scraping_a_human/
Wait they finally created a wife that's is divorce free and no happy wife syndrome . ? For real
What is this ?
So YouTube wasn ’ t free after all …
[ deleted ]
It ’ s not a rumor . It ’ s also not just youtube videos . Is it legal ? Are they violating copyright laws ? Time will tell .
90
Ok , what I want to know is WHEN is Stormy Daniels gonna show up claiming Jensen Huang paid her to spend 6 months in a room blowing robots to build Blackwell's ability to calculate how fellatio correlates to hair growth in one-legged Eskimos ? Because OH YEAH , you know that chit is coming soon the next time the stock goes over 105 .
They show it any of the hub , redtube or youjizz ?
Class action in coming , everyone wants their piece of the profits , i hope they have been keeping records of the videos used , .
OHNOZE ! SELL EVERYTHING AND BUY BULLETS , WATER , AND RATIONS !
[ deleted ]
is it contagious ?
somebody call the amberlamps
Don't need APIs to use a headless browser and download YT videos and ingest them . This is a grey area , Google indexes public pages to make money .
Like masturbating 80 times a year
in that case i hope the fear stays around a bit longer . i ’ m loading the boats nonetheless 🫡
Law suits for what ? What law is being broken there ?
my apologies 😭 🙏
nvidia leak i thought could possibly have a good outcome in the future
YouTube hasn't been free for a very long time . YouTube is a subscription through Premium to pay them in cash rather than pay them in eyes on ads . Oh , and then there is all the customer demographic data they sell off . Running YouTube is expensive , they are a business .
could be wrong . could be right . that ’ s the fun part about the market is you never truly know 🤷‍♂ ️
What class action ? There is no copyright here . You know anyone can use youtube videos right ? This is the same as any other person watching h Youtube videos to learn a skill and profit from it . Lets say I learn some gardening by watching videos about gardening on youtube , and then I decide to use what I learned to make my own gardening lessons and charge people for that ? Well this is perfectly legal and I do not have to give any attribution .
It won ’ t stick . No laws were broken . Writers tried doing this already against AI . Judge threw it out .
80years in video length
That's what I said mate . If something is public you can scrape it . Its grey area if the the robot.txt says not to crawl it and you did anyway , but not illegal . To combat this I gave examples of why facebook and instagram now somewhat block access to their services if you are not logged in . On twitter you can see the tweet but click anywhere and you need to be signed in .
More rookie numbers
with enough motivation and discipline you could do that daily 🥱
Copyright infringements , using youtube videos without the creators consent .
Lol , you are an idiot . YouTube video content is owned by the author of the video . It is copyright , and a class action suit could collect up millions of content creators to litigate which would be devastating for Nvidia . Furthermore YouTube owns a sublicense to the content which Nvidia would be stepping on . [ https://darrylscottlaw.com/copyright/do-i-have-copyright-ownership-of-my-youtube-videos/ ] ( https://darrylscottlaw.com/copyright/do-i-have-copyright-ownership-of-my-youtube-videos/ )
The lawsuit filed by Getty Images against Stability AI has been accepted into court . So there is a case , and this is not by any means decided .
lol , they are entitled to their money . Civil is not about laws
It's public to view the content , not public to use the content for profit . You can't rebroadcast YT videos on TV without paying YT , for example .
technically it ’ s not illegal . it ’ s a weird grey area right now . there ’ s nothing anyone can really do about it , which is good for nvidia , and us if you really wanna see them thrive .
Good thing Nvidia partnered with Getty , Phew ! ! ! [ https://www.gettyimages.com/ai/generation/about ] ( https://www.gettyimages.com/ai/generation/about )
They can try if they like . writers already tried and failed
Civil litigation is absolutely about law , WTF ?
I see , then everything will be fine
It is illegal . That ’ s what copyright laws are all about .
Yes , exactly . They have to make a deal to use data , else laws are broken . You've just demonstrated a precedent . However , what you cited is Nvidia , not [ Stability.ai ] ( http://Stability.ai ) which is an ongoing litigation . Downvote facts , lol .
Untalented artists have entered the chatroom ...
its difficult to explain but its not . they ’ re not technically violating copyright terms .
How does this address my comment ? I have no delusions of being an artist , but I really don't understand how that has any baring on the facts .
How so ? Please explain .
If you wanna prove your art is pure and true , You'd better take a stand against AI and their crew ! Playin ' Angry Angry Artists ! Angry Angry Artists ! It's a feud , it's a war , with AI they can't ignore Who will be left , when the users snore ? We're the angry angry artists ! Angry angry artists !
Ooookeee .
Byyeeeeeeeee
I think I ’ m going to do just the opposite of his suggestion
Cramer has always been and will always be a joke
Jim Cramer can suck my dick
Be careful taking Jim Cramers advice , he may have loaned out the family brain cell to one of his siblings prior to giving said advice …
He ’ s a joke
Ahhh Jim Cramer , the messiah of the mindless , and more PE pee-pee from those that don't understand the tech sector .
https://youtu.be/RKGaXB4AyWs?si=H4PNgpB3a8VE8ivE
I kinda like Cramer . He ’ s full of shit a lot of the time but his support and understanding about NVDA is a lot better than a lot of other pundits .
You literally just posted two days ago an ultra bullish sentiment on Nvidia pumping and being a semiconductor money printer : https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/m9Vh1GKnw3 Now you ’ re doing the exact opposite two days later ? Are you a karma farming bot account ?
lovely read , i ’ m an aerospace engineer and only glimpsing the possibilities that nvidia omniverse will do in the field of computational design ! plenty of money to be made using AI to make better missiles ! ! 😆 😆
I just sold at 130.80 . I have a bad feeling about these earnings . Especially all the bullish posts and how everyone expects it to go up .
Hearing Cramer talk about NVDA and having Jen-Sen on his show many years ago is the reason I ’ m at close to a tenbagger with NVDA . I don ’ t watch or listen to him regularly anymore but he ’ s certainly been right on this one in the past .
Everyone thinks it is going up a zillion dollars tomorrow
I stopped reading at " Jim Cramer " ... can someone not summarize the rest ?
Paywall removed for both articles . https://archive.ph/d0OyV https://archive.ph/3mGzs
If you think there is no competition to NVIDIA in the area of chips which can perform matrix multiplications then you're in for a shock .
It won ’ t , it ’ s dropping
💯
Jesus christ . Seriously . Read what I wrote and watch this video and tell me those 2 things aren't related .
Bro read the article it's bullish
You should sell tomorrow around 2 pm
Good price . I was out at $ 128 on Friday
Who cares kick Rick's
no - 5 % is fine - positive news is all I am looking for .
We're gonna be ok
I'm a little too grounded for that .
Who is the competition . Who ?
It ’ s doing pretty good right now
My point is , we can ’ t trust Jim
You ’ re right - my mistake . Entire first half of your post is bearish and that ’ s all I ’ ve been seeing these days by doomers so I stopped halfway .
I've got proce targets I stick too . Up 10 % on that sell . Gonna feel the market today and tomorrow I k8hht buy back into NVDL for earnings .
Two main competitors . The first being AMD who saw a rapid rise to $ 1 billon in sales for their MI300 and who has revised guidance upwards each quarter since announcement . They now project $ 4.5 billion in sales - all of which is coming from NVIDA's share of the pie . The second , and this might be the most important , is NVIDIA's own customers . Microsoft , Amazon , Meta , Google , and Amazon , represent over a quarter of NVIDIA's revenues and all of them have in-house designs competing with NVIDIA's products . These orgs don't like NVIDIA's high markups and proprietary software so are putting billions of dollars and thousands of engineers onto the task or removing NVIDIA from the loop . Google is the farthest along with their TPUs now entering the 6th generation and picking up major customers such as Apple along the way . Microsoft , Amazon , Meta and other cloud providers will keep buying NVIDIA products to lease but are increasingly looking to move their own training and inference workloads onto in-house hardware and offer that hardware to customers at a competitive cost . AMD , intel , Qualcom and others have the edge / inference market covered on the mobile side and NVIDIA faces increased competition in the desktop space as well with AMD , intel , and Apple products able to do anything NVIDIA GPUs can do . I didn't even cover the evaporation of the CUDA moat or any of the startups .
AMD , their supply is currently limited but the MI300 is really well specced and the software is slowly catching up . They're not 100 % competing right now , but they were not competing at all 1 year ago . The Hyperscalers are highly incentivized to help AMD as then NVDA loses some pricing power . So all the hyperscalers are buying some MI300s and helping on the software side . Yes , it's not really proper competition now but in a year - two years , it will be .
German market ? How do I check price there ?
Fuck that guy . Was there any fallout from this ?
I can play the game too ;) . Cramer is a dirty dawg lol hahaha Just trying to show you the manipulation that is going on
Lol at apple gpus doing anything Blackwell can do . You're not wrong that gpus can do it . But doing it in with 1000000 x more compute and speed is preferable
Lol I can hear you stuttering . Mmmmm mi . Mmmm iiii 3000
I ’ m using Robin Hood and IBKR . The current price is $ 130.48
You mean against him ?
Seems you missed the all important context of " * * desktop space * * " when I talked about AMD , intel , and Apple being able to do anything NVIDIA * * GPUs * * can do . So there's really no reason to bring up an unreleased enterprise server AI training chip . To expound on Apple though . Plenty of people are buying Apple Macs for running LLMs because M3 Pro and Max chips offer more memory than any consumer NVIDIA GPU . You can get a Macbook Pro M3 Max with 24GB for around the same price as just a 4090 GPU , of go all the way up to 96GB of reasonably fast memory for the price of \ ~ 2x4090s . It's simply better value and more efficient in a lot of cases for a lot of people . NVIDIA has nothing which competes in this space and it is robbing of NVIDIA of sales as people no longer have to build a giant PC with one or two expensive NVIDIA GPUs . If you want to talk about Blackwell , we the competition there is again , NVIDIA's own customers and AMD's MI300 / 325 .
My man , I'm up 800k in one year on NVDA stock , but I'm also not so greedy to just assume NVDA will just keep going up without any competition indefinitely , this has never happened for any company in the history of the world . Do not get so emotional about stocks bro . That's how people get burned . Peace and power my guy . Hope you make money .
Thank you !
I think it ’ s 130.80 in German market now
Yes
Cccccoooommpppppertitionnn in mm defffintiley 😂 😂 😂
Anytime
Below $ 125 now
I ’ m in the USA . It ’ s saying $ 130.30 right now Pretty close
Probably not . Look what the HF ’ s get away with . Everyone is in on it , it seems .
How did it break resistance pre market ?
I ’ m not sure , there ’ s been a lot of positive news lately
Some people put in their sell orders as " day only " while others put in as " day + extended hours . " The latter can execute a trade when the US market is closed .
It means nothing , just another estimate and an assumption . The main driver will be the actual numbers
Why wait with what ?
“ * hey guys when do we buy this stock * ” Everyone on a daily basis in this sub lmao
I've been saying \ ~ 31B and 77 % margins since last Quarter . I then said 80B in Q3 / 4 , but I think that should be revised down to \ ~ 75 with 72 % margins as I believe TSMC raises its costs . I thought it's reach ATHs of 150 ( settling at \ ~ 135 ) , 170 ( settling at 155 ) and \ ~ 200 ( settling at 180 ) ... I think the last two get pushed out a Quarter now . That was ... the best-case scenario and very bullish , but what I thought was possible . Still an outstanding stock .
It all about next quarter guidance . Stock go up if guidance is good else go down .
For financial freedom !
I don ’ t get paid until Friday .
Bought some more at 114 thinking that was the dip . I ’ ll definitely be cashing after earnings as this thing has become crazy volatile .
I think people are " waiting " in the sense of options . I put all my spare money with that last dip . And now I gotta wait for ER to see if it pumps my calls .
$ 150 before earnings is almost done deal
Market might crash again during Iran war with Israel .
You ’ re in for a pleasant surprise if you ’ re holding ! EPIC REPORT-India ? Robots require Nvidia . a humdinger of a future they are leading the Quantum computing transition and producing results .
I ’ m waiting for this Wednesday at 8: 30am , that ’ s why , why wait …
Because it's going lower this week or next
Yes and historically all earnings calls reflect early forecasts . Go back and look .
Nothing burger ! Just keep giving your money away to this company where the CEO is dumping and tanking the stocks !
The main driver will be the guidance . Nobody cares how you did last quarter . They care how you are going to do next quarter .
Yeah ... well no shit it's just estimates and assumptions and the main driver will be the actual numbers . That's like talking about food and saying the real factors are the ingredients the preparation and the ultimate fact will be ... how good it is . Of course . They're simply saying they're using the best ingredients , they've got the best chefs and they've gotten a little taste and this is what they think it'll taste like .
Yes but go back and research all historical earnings calls . You will find they reflect early estimates or better .
Why wait to buy more ?
The right answer : As and when you have money to spare ( that you don't need for the next 1-3 years )
100 is a solid dip from 140 without it possibly indicating the party being over . I would probably cut my losses at 70 or so if I bought at 100 as a 50 % drop from these prices would seem to indicate something is wrong . Like how NVDA fell from 330 pre-split in 2021 down to 110 due to crypto mining basically halting . If AI demand dries up significantly the stock will take quite the beating
I did the same . And at 111 . If it double digits again , I ’ ll get more .
No way ; will be surprised if we pass 120 before ER . I am VERY long .
What ’ s your drop dead buy date ? Target buy price ?
Who shat in your coffee ? Chill lol
To me it's just confirmation that the earnings call on 28th is going to be solid . I read the Meta earnings , Alphabet , AMZ , TSLA , MSFT , APPL . They all had one thing in common , they spend a fuckload of cash on AI and are increasing spending for the next quarter . Given Nvidia is the main supplier and has the best chips , this will reflect in their numbers so this also gives me confirmation that their earnings are going to be solid . So sure , it will reflect early estimates i'm with you , but I treat it as an indication til I see the real numbers . Either way i'm invested in Nvidia so my position isn't changing , I just think the spike after earnings is going to be more substantial than before earnings .
No , they don't . 2022 was a decidedly difficult time to own NVDA stock . They had 3 Quarters IIRC in which they did not beat which sent the stock from ... I think 320 down to 120 or so ( going off memory ) . The big beats have been recent and ... they're not going to maintain the triple-digit YOY growth .
Did someone wait until now ? Do you know anyone who has planned to wait until after the ER ?
I don't have any options or target price . The stock has been doing the same thing for several weeks ... A healthy bump like today followed by an even larger drop and I still see it continuing ... But nobody knows for sure . I do think that the numbers being reported this week combined with shenanigans between Israel and Iran will contribute to the next step down .
The date of Iran attack ...
Hey , the main driver of the value in your portfolio is how much the stocks go up . The incredibly complex price projections that analysts arrive at after doing extensive research mean NOTHING , it's how much the stock actually goes up that will determine how much money you make ( I mean ... as long as we're saying painfully obvious shit ) .
Agreed ! Thanks for the clarification .
maybe not in this sub , but institutional buyers yes . the fact the stock has dropped 20 % means there are more sellers than buyers at this moment
There are always procrastinators . 😳
You imply that NVDA was the only stock losing value ; every other stock in the market lost value . It was a wide market correction of 10 percent , which is normal !
Hey Scrooge ( purposely changed ) . If one had bought NVDA at the time I posted , they would be up now . Go meditate !
Hesitancy and procrastination are two very different things . Not everyone is as in tune with the market .
I totally agree with you , but I still think it's going to bounce down again
LOL ... are you serious ? So what ? I've NEVER argued or been bearish on NVDA . I've been VERY upfront about my NVDA projections , when I bought and how much ... and that's my first 1000 shares in Jan or ' 20 at 48 dollars . That's before the 4-1 and 10-1 split . So that's 40,000 at a \ ~ 1.2 cost basis . And then the last set of purchases was , again , pre 10-1 split , 500 at 480 , 500 at 688 , 250 at each 770 and 820 on April 19th when SMCI failed to report early earnings and it irrationally bumped the stock down . I've also have my Q2 30-31 B , 77 % , Q3 36B 73 % margins , Q4 , 44B 75 % margins projections for a while ... though I've since adjusted as I don't see 80B in the 2nd half of fiscal year ' 25 with Blackwell delayed , I'm looking more for 35B in Q3 , 40B in Q4 . So ... gee ... if ONLY I'd listened to you instead of my best friend from HS and a Sr VP at MS , I'd be up like ... 2 grand right now ! LMFAO ... I never once questioned the methodology , I laughed at the person who made the prescient statement that ; > " It means nothing , just another estimate and an assumption . The main driver will be the actual numbers So if ANYTHING , I was defending your ... apparently sensitive ass ! But my god ! Imagine if I'd listened to you when you said buy at ... 108 or whatever ! Then I'd REALLY be doing well in NVDA ! ! ! LOL ! ! !
Also there's a good overall rule of " be fearful when everyone is greedy . "
True
Why ? In April the market got a correction of 8 percent , and it bounced back to 140 after earning ! This time the earning will be better so that will increase the value of the company !
Love your enthusiasm ! You win ! ! !
If I could I would give you 1,000 upvotes ! 😊
Is everyone " greedy " right now ?
Part of the hype and increase after earnings was the split announcement . There won't be one this time .
I don't believe the correction is over yet
In fairness , I didn't know what I was doing when I first invested . I just went to school ( HS and then College ) with a Sr VP at Morgan Stanley and he started telling me about NVDA in 2016 ... so I just took his advice . He's been doing the same now about AVGO ... Take that for what it's worth ( NOT that it's going to see insane exponential growth in the next 4-5 years , but probably a better chance to 2X , 3X , 4X than NVDA ) .
Most retail are fearful now
Most people posting on this sub skews towards the greedy .
The future is AI , and Ai is computing power ! I am very bull on NVDA .. lets see what happen !
- * * VIX * * : Currently at 21.13 , indicating a decrease in market volatility . - * * NVIDIA ( NVDA ) * * : Up by 4 % . * * Signals * * : Indications suggest that the current trend is nearing its end . * * Rumors * * : - OpenAI , Google , and Anthropic are rumored to be releasing new LLM models with advanced capabilities . * * Impact * * : This development is expected to boost discussions around AI and drive up the prices of tech stocks .
Awesome thanks for the tip ! Will check that out . Appreciate all advice as I love to research . Btw I the reason I invested with NVDA was because I was researching the AI bracelets worn at Disney parks way back and I got their schematic and saw the microchip was from NVDA . I invested at $ 7 a share . I also listen to a lot of earnings calls more for the Q & A for partnerships and next up and comers . I will add your tip to my research list . Thanks again !
Most retail are both things multiple times in one day .
I think AVGO was working on a partnership with GOOGL ... but I'd have to go back and re-listen to their Earnings Report ... but I dumped GOOGL at 174 because I was worried about this anti-trust ( which ... is REALLY stupid . If you want America to continue to lead the world in tech , you can't really go after all the top tech companies for dominating ... it's not the same as Ma Bell and the laws are antiquated ) ... Anyway ... good luck !
Blah blah blah
Exactly ! I dumped Google too . Thanks !
John Vihn : " We think AMD has a competitive solution in mi300X " So first , Blackwell is moving the game from a chip to a " full stack system level " solution , with notable performance improvements of " 20-30 X " , but now * * a chip * * is competitive ? Let me help you John : Assuming MI300 is competitive with H100 ( yet to be independently proven ) , what AMD is missing if they want to be competitive with Blackwell is : Networking , Scaling , System Management software and know-how . Nvidia has been building DGX data centers with their own chips for 5 generations iirc , they've understood for a decade where the market is going . AMD , AVGO , INTC , QCOM are all still trying to figure it out .
As an investor , I want them to know that someone cares . Not me , but someone .
keep those m \ * \ * f \ * kers chained to their desks .
I am very impressed that nvidia's unique culture gets the best out of workers who in other companies wouldn't be productive , and he's doing it with insane approval rating as well . Every day I am more and more amazed by leadership .
Interesting ... I run into a much of the Boston based HW design and engineering team at SNUG conference every year . Some of them are classmates from college ... One of them was telling me a lot of people got fuck you money and decided to retire . I think SNUG is a the end of October ... Be interesting to see how much of the old guard will remain working . I guess no point in having fuck you money if you never say fuck you ...
I didn't read the article , obviously . I assumed it was that investors kept working after making a million or more . Cuz like , I definitely made more than that and have a day job . After reading the comments ( again , no way I'm actually going to read something , I'm too dumb ) , I'd ask , if I still work , why wouldn't they ? Working is good .
Lmao
Just make sure the chains are not visible and very accommodating . Nice desks and lighting too . And coffee , lots of shitty free coffee
That doesn't sound sustainable , though . I've seen those in the tech industry that worked days , nights and weekends . Basically , the company might say we must have " work-life balance " within our culture , but in reality , the company wants results and " work-life balance " is simply lip service . Eventually , they burn out and some may leave . What they're left with is an identity crisis where the only thing they're known for is their place at work . They have no friends , no family and no social circles . Some may have made it , like these senior nVIDIA employees who are HODL'ing their NVDA , and have a lot of bling on the outside , but many are empty on the inside .
actually they have omega expensive coffee machines in the nvidia HQ
The military has been doing that for 250 years and it has worked out ok
Well , I don't think that's a great comparison . An employee can simply quit their job if they no longer want to deal with their stress . I don't think you can just go AWOL and desert your post if you don't want to deal with the stress . So , of course , it's working out " ok " for the military . LoL
Looks like people are taking profits today ... it's starting to dump
good or bad ?
You guys jinxed it 😂
Another 4 % up day
We ’ re about to fucking rocket yall .
Time to fuel the jets , baby . This is shaping to be moon fuel for us . Imagine , a great earning report combined with rate cut in September . I can ’ t believe I ’ m saying this , but $ 150 + this year could easily be within reach .
The inflation rate is a 2.9 % and the Fed target is 2 % . They should raise rates again and taper at 1.8 % .
Powell needs to cut 1/2 point in September … and with Earnings and Blackwell … watch the price climb ! ! !
I thought a lower interest rate is bad for NVDA because of rotation from magnificent 7 to small caps . Is this just BS ? I'm confused .
It ’ s bad either way for nvda . If it is high people freak out about recession , if it is low rate cuts favor small caps .
Electricity , shelter , and insurance are the biggest inflation contributors . Some in double digits still YoY .
It ’ s good . But honestly highly doubtful . Kamala ’ s party likely doesn ’ t want a recession before elections start .
Any more details ? If good why ? upvote my comment so the rest can see
Why are we back to red ?
And more people buying 😏
It seems like Nvidia's stock is experiencing some volatility today , which might be leading to the " dump " you're noticing . This could be due to profit-taking by investors after the stock's significant rally earlier this year . Nvidia has been on a strong upward trend , especially with its leadership in AI technology , but in the short term , it's not unusual to see some pullbacks as investors lock in gains . Additionally , Nvidia's upcoming earnings report on August 28 could be causing some market jitters as traders adjust their positions ahead of the announcement . Despite today's dip , Nvidia's long-term prospects remain strong , especially with its continued innovations in AI and data centers , and its aggressive expansion through acquisitions .
Extremely good .
Maybe bad , depending on Retail Sales and Consumer Sentiment coming out this Thursday and Friday respectively . If those data show signs of a slowing economy , expect the Feds to cut rates in Sept . Remember last Monday ? The yen carry trade unwinding due to Bank of Japan rate hike ? Fed cutting rates narrows the spread for the carry trade just from their end . The bulls wanted higher inflation to keep the pump going .
best possible outcome
Yea only good news and it goes back down lol . Still think we end above 120 today though
You jinxed it .
You sound like a WSB leader
LOL - I say this in the nicest way possible . Go to hell . No seriously it is heading to 2 . They already said it doesn't need to be exactly 2 .
Last 10 months showing damn near close to 2 % . The 11th and 12th from almost a year ago were both high and that pushes the average to \ ~ 3 . Once they roll off , if we stay where we are , they will get to 2 .
He should do it
Good question , during the low interest phase in 2019 / 20 everyone was starting to shove money into potential mega caps . Or to paraphrase CNBC analysis : it could be cloudy , rainy , sometimes sunny , but overall foggy ...
Nah . This is game time . Nvidia make money
lets hope
damn i had a bad feeling it was gonna be red today
Everything red though . I know half an hour after open says little , but why ?
Doubtful , but happy to see consolidation in this range .
Then they should change the target .
3 is 50 % more than 2 . It isn ’ t close .
Consolidating at $ 115 is great to see . Can hover here and just hang for a day , 2 weeks til earnings
It looks sideways today :(
It was up 6 % this morning . Just taking profits is all .
It's not some rule . You do realize how close 2 is to 0 or negative right ?
Drastically different . Mathematically they are close but when you are computing geometrically it is huge .
I'm so glad I very recently bought in at $ 119 thinking I was getting a steal
$ 93 now
I ’ ve seen the “ $ X BUY ” like 50 times now . First at 135 from 140 , then 127 , then 115 , then 103 , then 95 , etc etc . so annoying
I rly hope on the 28th , this shit sends TSM flying high too .
People throw around World War III like it ’ s some Iraq conflict . There will be no soldiers in World War III , each country in USA & China , has over 1,000 nukes . You saw what 2 nukes did to Japan . 🇯🇵 Imagine what 200 would do to Earth . The entire USA would be in fire and ash and if anything survived , cancer would be the only future . Radiation levels so high people end up being born looking like Chita Pets . Careful what you so freely speak on with Wars . You have no idea what technology exists today when a world war is exposed in modern times .
This proves that fear is alive and well in the markets . The sell off is utter insanity .
Not yet son , wait till the actual dip
My initial buys were in the low $ 600s pre split , so low 60s . Last night , I was pondering cashing out entirely and buying puts . My account has done insanely well . I do have some cash on the sidelines . I believe in NVDA long term . I don't think we'll go too much lower , but a penny saved is a penny earned . More likely I'll sell covered calls and buy puts with my cash instead of closing my position
A true American - Let's Fucking GOOOOO
Picked up 10 more shares at 91 premarket . Wish I had more money to get my average down , but at least I was able to reduce it to 121 average price at 35 shares . I feel better since buying in at 140 lol
Going to 75
It will go below 75 in a couple of weeks . don't buy it yet .
So , , , Am I just supposed to wait . I bought at 100 € / share and now I just watch my capital crumble .
I'm Buuyyyyying ! !
Buy buy buy ! Can ’ t time the market and can ’ t buy the bottom , but this is a bargain to buy more .
Premature , I ’ d advise against the knee-jerk reaction and actually wait a little while for valuation to correct . I ’ m eyeing $ 75 .
Shit will be 87.50 tomorrow . And will bounce back to $ 100 Tuesday .
Buy at 30
How can I see the overnight price as a normie ? I don ’ t have a broker
So it's gonna crash , and no way earnings would help it recover , right ?
Lol
WHAT A FUCKING V BOYS
Isildur : No
Sitting on my hands wondering many other companies rake in cash like NVDA
How do you buy in aftermarket ?
Big deal ...
When 200
A lot of people here were confident nvda not gonna hit the 90s lmao . It's bubble stock now and it will continue to burst . Like I said 80s this week and further down after
why buy when its going down ? its a losing strategy , people like me will just buy at $ 58 later
I bought at 119 too and then when it went down to 106 the first time i thought it would go lower so didnt buy , and then it went up to 118 again and then down to 106 so bought at 107 and now its even lower
Wait when you see it at 80 and then 60 you ll shit your pants
We are heading for the $ 80s
Crazy it ’ s even below 93 $ now wth don ’ t matter buying more
LOLL
Buy the whole way down I got in some lots @115 , 108 , 105 Probably gonna get some more in if it goes below 90/85 . I wasn ’ t really going to buy more but at these prices …
Fire sale
Most funny comment here .
Going to 50
A couple of weeks is earnings - how does it get to $ 75 before then ?
[ deleted ]
Bingo I got lines at 50 ish
Yes , wait .
I bought at 113 or something . The sell off is people panicking and not taking in all of the economic data available . It's poor traders who trade a headline . If there was not enough of these type of people , I wouldn't be so rich . Temporary toughness is needed to get through these times . The only time to sell is when a company Outlook has changed , or the economic outlook has tanked . Neither has happened .
I'm in at 75
I suspect you'll be eyeing it for a while now .
Bought at 18 .
[ deleted ]
6 months from now , most likely
Anybody can plainly see everything is crashing ... not just NVDA .
Same . The old head fake lured me right back in .
Just like back to the future
Then 70s , then 60s 😂
We can only hope . If it's not on sale it's not for sale .
Going to 20
Crash is here . Nvidia doesn ’ t matter . Ww3 now
Depending heavily on earning as if it's gonna magically cure all gonna lead to a lot of disappointment bagholders here . Guidance is gonna be bad anyway , not up to expectations for 3T company . It's gonna crash hard after earnings
If earnings aren ’ t ungodly it ’ ll drop more at earnings
No need to manipulate . Just follow the news : https://www.bloomberg.com/news/live-blog/2024-08-05/asia-market-open
It has literally been one day
Tysm dude
I'm good with that
Nvidia isnt doing ai chip , they are teaching people how to parkour
LOLLL
Eventually - 25 . Nvidia will buy shares of investors 😂
Going to unsplit
Middle east is having ww69 now
WW3 ? It's Iran and fucking Lebanon , two garbage militaries that couldn't execute a two-pronged operation to steal candy from a baby .
Couple of weeks from now there will be a regional war which will lead us to ww3 it was nice knowing you guys ..
Yes . It's just been " one day . " Definitely not a month and a half since the ATH and that " one day , " definitely didn't set off a massive sell off due to American Hedge funds borrowing from Japan at 0 % interest thereby causing the worst day in the Japanese Markets since ' 87 and triggering fears of Black Friday whereupon NVDA has come through that at \ ~ 106 . But yeah , just " one day . " So ... wait for 75 .
For sure . Also the market crash on japan . They were levered to their necks . They are in a deep recession . So usa about to get it bad on the financial war vs China . Real soon China will take Taiwan and the USA won ’ t be able to do anything . When trump wins he ’ ll try a tarrif war and inflation will trigger the USA will end up making the ww3 mistake . War bonds will trigger and the collapse of the USA will begin . Nvidia will be 1 dollar . Buying more Nvidia tmrw ;)
Well this is the quicksand . Trump tarrifs will caused hyper inflation . Funding to Ukraine will halt and Russia will advance . USA will be vulnerable and japans economy in shambles . China will advance take Taiwan . And USA will have to enter a war on those two fronts . If trump doesn ’ t win . Project 25 is civil war .
Civil war in November if trump doesn ’ t win . Project 25 . And the way rules have changed he can call a revolt and not even get arrested as a traitor . This is going to be fun to watch . Trump winning will be tarrif wars . He ’ s a Russian asset and will cause hyper inflation . Cut funding to Ukraine and cause a double front war with Russia , and then China after it takes over Taiwan . Trump loosing will be a civil war . He will take over and become the president . Then we ll have a dictator . Trump will win at all cost .
Will do ! Keep holding until then .
Tbh this sounds pretty realistic lmao
I thought you were serious and crazy till the last line .
Christo-Fascists are spoiling for a fight that they cannot win .
True 100 % happening
I will . At 75 , I'll still be up just fine .
Gotta fuel the panic selling to buy more .
I've made a ridiculous amount of money this year . I was pondering closing my NVDA position , selling puts for just a bit lower . I'd get assigned , and the same cash would increase my share count . Might just sell Covered calls and buy SPY puts with the cash .
I sold some at the top to have cash when I saw this thread getting delusional . 4T market cap during a recession . Nope . If you are buying more make sure to look at 10 plus year investment . I think we re going under 80 . Good 50 % drop is normal on individual stocks . Nvidia ran a lot of gains and has a good fall down to earth . Doesn ’ t mean it ’ s not a good stock to buy for long term . Just feel like it need to come closer to fair value . Prolly under 80
It's in my Roth IRA
Don ’ t sell . Add more . Just saying have a plan . Falling knifes are painful . Short term this is going to feel horrible . Don ’ t buy into anything that ’ s not making a ton of profits .
I'm down 50 % from my ATH :( but up like 300 % YTD :D I'll probably just sell calls , buy puts , and hold my shares .
You're framing the question in slightly the wrong way . Inference is one of the three ways that AI chips can " power data centers " . I'll focus on the two main ones upfront through . In AI applications , there are two major compute tasks to be done . One is training large models and the other is using those models to perform " inference " tasks as a response to user requests . Simply put , training is what creates the GPT - 4 trillion parameter model , inferencing is when you ask that model a question . It's important to track how much of the work at the data center is being used for each because companies train models ( like , say chat GPT - 4 ) because they * expect * users to want to use those models . So training loads are a * guess * about how popular AI will be made by the model trainers . Inferencing load corresponds to how much the model is * actually * getting used . If 99 % of the compute load was going to training and not inferencing , it would mean that , say , Microsoft still thinks AI is going to be really popular , but nobody is using their platforms very much yet . In a sense , we'd still be waiting to see how popular AI was going to be even if there weren't many users yet . Now , the majority of use is still for training , but the 40 % number means that there is a healthy demand for inferencing as well . Eventually , inference is expected to take up probably more than ... 90 % of AI workloads when most models are build and users are ... using them a lot . Note : the third way that these chips can be used in data centers is to accelerate non-AI compute loads , which also happens .
Today Inference is The goal , training is how to Get there . Jensen envisions inference and training will become one , which would make sense for robots and self-driving I think
Nvidia chips can be used for training LLM or inference LLM . Once the chip is on the Data Center , Jensen said that it spends an average of 40 % of the time making inference ( hence 60 % training ) . This is to debunk the argument of some " analysts " that were saying Nvidia has the leading in training , but not in inference .
I ’ m not smart so I shared your question with ChatGPT , which if you think about it basically answers your question without reading further . Here ’ s what GPT thinks : Your understanding of inference is spot on . In the context of AI and machine learning , inference indeed refers to using a trained model to make predictions or decisions based on new input data . The reason Nvidia ’ s revenue is skyrocketing due to inference can be explained as follows : 1 . * * Increased Demand for AI Applications * * : Inference is at the heart of many AI applications , such as natural language processing , computer vision , recommendation systems , and more . As businesses and industries increasingly adopt AI-driven solutions , the demand for hardware that can efficiently perform inference tasks grows . Nvidia ’ s GPUs are well-suited for these tasks , leading to higher sales . 2 . * * Data Center Expansion * * : Data centers are expanding rapidly to support the growing number of AI applications . Nvidia ’ s GPUs are often used in these data centers for both training and inference . The significant portion of revenue coming from inference indicates that many of these data centers are heavily utilizing Nvidia ’ s GPUs to run AI models in real-time , which is essential for services that require quick and accurate predictions . 3 . * * Efficiency and Performance * * : Nvidia ’ s GPUs are optimized for high-performance computing tasks , including inference . Companies prefer Nvidia ’ s solutions because they provide the necessary computational power and efficiency to handle large-scale inference tasks . This efficiency translates into cost savings and performance improvements , making Nvidia ’ s products attractive to enterprises . 4 . * * Growth of Edge Computing * * : Besides data centers , there ’ s a growing trend of edge computing , where inference is performed closer to the source of data ( e . g . , IoT devices , autonomous vehicles ) . Nvidia ’ s specialized hardware for edge computing also contributes to the increased revenue from inference . By emphasizing the role of inference , Nvidia highlights the practical , real-world applications of their technology that are driving substantial revenue . While the demand for AI chips to power data centers is also crucial , the specific mention of inference points to the growing and ongoing usage of these chips in various AI-driven services and applications that generate continuous revenue streams .
Enlightening , somewhat .
Maybe you're misunderstanding inference as a client side thing . Inference also happens in the datacenter . When meta or tiktok is creating your next suggested video it's running inference on a GPU in the datacenter . The more complicated tasks on more powerful models won't work on cheap client side systems and will stay on the datacenter . The phone inference or NPUs will probably run very very shitty AI that the market will look down on , pretty sure . The real AI inference is in the datacenter .
Priced in .
NVDA 🛬 🔥 . Anti trust competition and quality issues doom this meme stock . $ 20 .
But AMd
Which 10q are you referencing forward guidance into Q1 ' 25 ? ... period ending april ' 24 ?
This is really interesting - so I guess what they really meant in their filing is that companies reasons for buying these chips in large quantities is to enable them to train at scale ? Basically they need the chips to deploy AI ? Seems like they were just being super fancy with wording
I also kept hearing that . That AMD has superior inferencing .
That's interesting but then how do they know 40 % specifically is linked to inference - which is word for word the quote they put in their 10 - Q filing . This is such complex stuff and I am not an engineer which is why I wanted tech professionals to clarify .
You need AI chips to turn raw data into functional models and you also need AI chips to operate those models to respond to user requests . So right now companies are buying lots of chips and using most of those to train large models . But training models doesn't make any money - you need to * run * those models to respond to user requests to make money . It's like building a factory - you need to use energy to build a factory and you need to use energy to run a factory . Ideally , when you reach a healthy state for your economy , most of your energy goes into * running * the factory , rather than just building new factories constantly , because running a factory is how you make money . So what the 40 % number means is that a healthy portion of these chips are being used to actually * run * these " AI factories " , it's not just a bunch of companies building " factories " and hoping that people will want to use them . It's meant to be a good sign for AI demand .
No joke . You should just ask ChatGPT or meta ai … . The answer is clear and concise
Nvidia can determine that 40 % of their data center revenue is linked to inference through several methods : 1 . * * Customer Feedback and Use Cases * * : Nvidia likely gathers detailed information from their customers about how their products are being used . Customers deploying Nvidia ’ s GPUs for inference tasks ( such as running AI models in production environments ) would provide this usage data , enabling Nvidia to segment their revenue accordingly . 2 . * * Product Segmentation and Sales Data * * : Nvidia offers a range of products tailored for different AI tasks . Some products are optimized for training AI models , while others are optimized for inference . By analyzing the sales data of these specific product lines , Nvidia can estimate the portion of revenue attributed to inference . 3 . * * Software and Licensing Data * * : Nvidia provides software frameworks ( like TensorRT ) specifically designed for optimizing inference on their GPUs . The adoption and licensing of such software can provide insights into the extent of inference usage . 4 . * * Internal Analytics * * : Nvidia may have advanced analytics and monitoring tools that track the usage patterns of their GPUs in data centers . These tools can provide data on the computational loads and types of tasks ( inference vs . training ) being performed . 5 . * * Industry Trends and Benchmarks * * : Nvidia stays informed about industry trends and benchmarks , which can help them estimate the distribution of training versus inference workloads across their customer base . By combining these data sources , Nvidia can make informed estimates about the proportion of their data center revenue driven by inference . This helps them understand market trends , allocate resources , and communicate effectively with investors .
Great explanation !
Did you buy at 141 ? It ’ s always like that , this news is nothing different and timing is always the same
It ’ s less manipulation and more of an alibi to drive the stock price down with the least suspicion as possible . There ’ s no delay and they even mentioned it on the SMCI call that it is business as usual when something new releases . There will be always be updates and upgrades .
There ’ s no blood bath . Sound and fury signifying nothing . Nvidia is the most volatile stock of the large cap techs doing what it does periodically . It ’ s only gone backwards a couple of months . There ’ s no news of great concern . It is interesting that someone reports nearly worthless info regarding a ‘ design problem ’ during NVIDIAs quiet period so they can ’ t really respond . An ic design flow is long , has many steps , and is complex . Early stages would be more impactful than late . Not saying what kind of design problem is simply worthless . Zero indication this is a logic issue or anything other than the common yield limiting problems seen on a chip like this in a new node ramping up . Knowing nvida , they account for such things . Further it may be an interposer issue rather than a chip issue . Don ’ t buy into the hysteria of people who don ’ t understand the business . Most likely a great opportunity to get a great company at a discounted price .
People love to be able to blame a bogeyman for why their life isn ’ t going as they hoped . Either stay on the roller coaster or get off if the ups and downs are too much for you .
Less complaining , more buying .
This is utter gibberish .
Meh … . So what . Won ’ t matter by this time next year . I ’ ll keep buying shares at 90-105 .
Manipulation is nothing new . You just need to be aware of it and factor it in . High volatility stocks tend to have the most news for a reason . A delay on Blackwell won't really have a material impact over the next 5 years . Traders will panic and sell or even attempt to short . I'm more of a long term investor , so as it dips , I'll keep adding . The unreslised loss is the price we pay to have huge gains later . If panic sellers didnt exist , we'd never make huge gains .
Build up your dry powder supply folks . Buy more if it dips .
I agree - this company and stock can ’ t get a break right now . It ’ s like any time there ’ s good news either with Japan or Palantir or the market overall is up , there ’ s an article published that pushes Nvidia stock down Can ’ t catch a break at all
Literally the majority of stocks and SPY on my watchlist are down today , it ’ s not just nvda
I'm just happy it fell to $ 100 long enough for me to buy another hundred and fifty shares .
The delay which , afaik , is mostly unconfirmed at this point doesn't seem like a big deal to me . Nvidia is the leader with a large moat either way and they will be ramping capacity on new chips anyway , so even if there's a delay , the same number of units could still be shipped by the end of 2025 . Also , the fact that they're being scrupulous is a good thing . We know what happens when chip companies don't do enough testing and ship tens of millions of faulty products . ( looking at you , intel ) One man's manipulation is another man's news . I wouldn't read into it too much . Just look at what the company is actually doing now and in the future and what their financials look like . If you think the company will grow and bring in revenue ( and the stock price is fair ) then you might want to invest . Otherwise , there are plenty of other stocks and commodities to invest in . Nvidia isn't the only stock to invest in or trade ...
Op is looking at this options expiration coming closer and closer . You gamble , you might lose .
Nah , realists have been telling you a major correction was coming . But nope , ignore ignore ignore . Kept sowing division between bears and bulls and completely ignoring the realists . One of the pitfalls of over evaluation is that you build into the price the best case scenario with zero room for error . Even the slightest bad data will drop that evaluation . It ’ s not that difficult to understand . You caused your own demise , no one else .
I don't see differences between this sub and the gme , amc and meme stocks subs .
Dont worry . If nancy is in , we are good
It hits 80 before 140 again imo :(
someone crashed out
I bought some RKT stocks in 2020 and barely sold it in June 2024 and got in NVDA . From one manipulation to another . But NVDA is a better stock to hold .
Patience for the dip
Tinfoil hat futures are up 28 % in last three weeks .
Looks like I'll be holding my shares for a good long time , but I can deal with that , and I believe it runs up again before it settles down forever .
It isn't manipulation . I work in the ASIC industry and a lot of their top talent retired uber wealthy and are sipping pina colodas . Victim of their own success ...
Y ’ all need to stop calling every regular market move a bloodbath
You are smoking crack . Why would you go near an individual stock if you truly believe the market is manipulated ?
If you think this is a bloodbath you haven ’ t seen anything . Stock could easily fall to 70 or lower
I'm sure we will be at all time highs in approx 15-16 months
People behave like the price is currently 55 .
We are comparing NVDA to ZOM now ? LoL .
Nvidia said Blackwell is still on track . If that statement is false in any way , they would be in some trouble . That ’ s why I believe these articles are complete BS .
Anyone thinking this is going to 150 by next year is smoking some crazy copium
Dude . You bought the top . If you had call options you could have bought put options .
Just buy more , problem solved
Pelosi bought some before the big sell off
I'm on a 10 - year timeline . I picked up a few more when it hit 93 , and I have limit buys at 87 and 83 . I'm pretty confident at least one of those will hit , and when they do I'll be down , but only temporarily .
Yep , that's right , everyone is giving away their GPUs now and trading them for pocket calculators for pennies on the dollar ! You can literally back up your Escalade at a16z headquarters in Palo Alto and fill it up with discarded crappy old useless H100 GPUs as Andreesen himself goes hogwild building a datacenter full of reconditioned Texas Instruments calculators from the 1990s ! This is real ! It's happening as we speak ! Now Ycombinator is throwing H100s out the window to peasants below as Sam Altman himself drives by in his fancy Koenigsegg dropping off H200 surprise packages on the sidewalks of San Francisco . I never thought I'd live to see this day ! Oh the humanity ! What ? Did I hear that right ? My GOD ! Azure is opening up a GPU rage room called RAGE AGAINST THE MACHINES ! You can pay three fiddy and walk right into one of their datacenters used to train GPT - 4 and smash all the GPUs with sledgehammers ! The end is here !
All-time high was $ 135
The CEO is just selling and selling and selling . Everyone laughed me out of the the thread yesterday . This market is going a lot lower folks , including NVIDA . Yesterday and today were just suckers rallies . SP500 will trade down to 5000 . NVIDIA will trade below $ 90 within a week or so , August through October always are bad months for equities . It's correction season . Stocks cost way too much . The gains have been massive and that is why Jensen has been unloading as many share as he possibly can , every day .
Very well said .
After seeing the hit pieces pick up a little I decided to roll over some cash to my IRA . It gets here Friday . Then these asswipes can drop it to 75 for all I care . Because I'll be waiting to buy . But whatever you do , watch it with the shorts . The squeeze is imminent , because this thing is down on pure bologna and rumors . I actually just read a piece that pretty much said that due to the overwhelming demand , A . I . could come crashing down with NVDA in the lead because they won't be able to keep up . Because we all know it's extreme demand that bankrupts company after company . HOLY SH \ * \ * ! ! ! lol
But everyone said this is a Sure thing . That this stock only goes up
I ’ m telling you guys , earnings call will bring us to $ 110 … in a positive scenario
I just saw a post saying the SMCI CEO said that things weren't going well , and that Blackwell was postponed until next year . They shaped it out / manipulated what he said , and took it out of context . They're just trying to get out there to everyone " it's over for Nvidia for 2024 " . It's so crazy . I know I see this happen every single quarter , but it still amazes me how many people will take things intentionally out of context and write an article so that they can make money off of their lie . A lot of things have been and are true , but it makes me sick how many people ( journalist and news anchors ) are willing to lie or twist something to keep their job , or to simply make more money . Like the whole Google and Meta thing , writing articles out of context to make it sound like they over purchased , and that they weren't going to purchase anymore . Then the articles start coming out telling the truth , which is of course that they will continue purchasing because to not have enough is much worse than having too much . P . S . I'm not countering or going against anyone here . I'm just enjoy conversation . I hope y'all have a good day . Hopefully this all balances out by the end of the month , but of course this is going to be extremely volatile until we get closer to an earnings that is going to have Blackwell revenue .
But , but , but … cONspIrACy ! ! !
Why buy when it ’ s going down . Buying as it ’ s going up is actually better . Keep averaging down and you ’ ll lose more money in the process .
Bc you don ’ t make solid returns owning shares unless you invest $ 150,000 or more . You make a killing buying stock options at the right unit cost per option . You lose your ass with stock options when the market gets manipulated . All 7 million members of GME have been dead silent ever since their CEO champion got caught illegally transmitting information to his members on opposite advice of what he was trading . His buddy Andrew , just turned himself in to the FBI and is about to get a hammer thrown at him . Manipulation . Is real . It ’ s happening with NVDA & the media is pushing it . This stock should not be anywhere near $ 105 per share after splitting to $ 120 per share and about to have another quarterly net income of billions . That ’ s manipulation .
I ’ m not buying till below 80 .
even with earnings around the corner ?
I'm guessing all in on 60DTE ATM call options ...
I want in on that action . Announcing * * TINH * * , the exciting new ETF for people who plow money into the markets after the real profits have already been made , then decide that the shadowy " manipulators " are denying their opportunity to watch high-flying volatile companies continue to go up and up and up .
You ’ re acting like I just placed Call options . I placed seven different call options three months apart . There is no fundamental reason why Stock should be allowed to be manipulated like this .
That would be completely unfounded . There are no business principles or financials to support this . That would make the stock worth 50 % less than its former Quarterly reports . The earnings reports we already know and are informed , will be in the “ green ” . The CEO would have to pass away or screw an entire floor of women with lawsuits in order for the stock to drop off a cliff like that .
With respect , when a company is about to outline tens of billions in net income with a quarterly less than 3 weeks away , it shouldn ’ t be trading 30 % below its month high after a split . It didn ’ t split at $ 80 per share , it split at $ 120 . It also already experienced a massive sell-off . It shouldn ’ t keep getting kicked down . We have a right to be irritated by this .
Sorry this was hard to understand . Are you saying that demand to train ai models has decreased ? Where do u get this info from ?
No , ATH was 141 - something .
It traded at $ 141 .
I think below 80 in a week or two .
Panic peddling isn ’ t what this forum is meant for . Be very purposeful with the information you present bc reputations matter in accuracy of what you say . For example , if you got laughed out yesterday for the CEO constantly selling his shares , it ’ s because he is only selling a very minor , minor percentage of his entire position . He was the wealthiest man in the world , tens of billions ahead of Elon Musk is value until this bomb just dropped on our heads .
Are you too young to remember Enron ? I was just a kid when everyone lost everything they ever had in net worth then tied to that bs .
Markets rise and up down . That ’ s the nature of IPO ’ s . However the world ’ s most valuable stock , doesn ’ t simply go from trading $ 141 with tens of billions of dollars in to net income … . to down to $ 95 per share . Not inside 1 month . That ’ s insane insane . That ’ s unheard of . That is pretty much close to bottoming the entire market cap . This is what causes actual recessions . It ’ s dangerous .
Not
I know many more people who lost their shirt with options than just owning shares long term .
If you are relying on options to get you past the lack of capital , you're just playing with fire . There's certain amount of capital efficiency and leverage that an intelligently constructed option strategy can provide . What it is not meant to be is an extreme short cut to wealth . That's just gambling , pure and simple .
Dude you ’ re just angry that you bought at the top and stubbornly held on the way down . If you have the knowledge / capacity to trade calls you could have just as easily traded puts . I made a killing today on puts against NVDA .
I get all that . I ’ m just a LT share holder who knows he isn ’ t going to get rich off Nvda at this point .
Eagerly waiting myself - I have a limit set at 80 right now
Hope im wrong with my 108 cost basis lol
Hah ! I bet they were weeklies that he most likely bought yesterday afternoon .
Manipulated by whom ? How ? Who is " allowing " the stock to be manipulated ? Go invest in CDs or mutual friends . You're not cut out for this .
It was at the 70 point earlier this year pre split . Why is it impossible to believe that it could simply go back where it was a few months back ? It ’ s only hit it ’ s peaks because people were willing to pay that price for it - higher multiples based on higher earnings and - and now there not . I really hope it doesn ’ t go that far back - but I am not naive enough to think it ’ s impossible ,
Agreed not likely but you have to be in the mindset that anything can happen at any time . The stock market doesn ’ t give a shit about where you think a stock could or should go , it moves to its own beat . I really hope it falls so I can buy more
He ’ s joking you muppet . Nvidia chips are sold out beyond belief until late 2025 most likely
Look around you man , they're giving GPUs away on the street corners of San Francisco now ! Some people are getting so frustrated with these things they're just dropping them en masse into street poop and running away as fast as they can to avoid getting cited for littering .
He ’ s only allowed to sell a certain amt per day . It was all written out and approved .
I'm 52 and have a good friend that was an exec assistant there . I once set her loose on our school district because they were going cheap with my autistic son . 3 months later they were paying $ 60k a year private school tuition , lol . But Enron was a completely different situation . There's nothing fraudulent going on here other than the presenting of cheap rumors as financial news .
Well , the first sentence you write holds some truth , if a tad obvious : Markets do rise and fall . But nothing else you've written is truth . First , what's going on with NVDA has nothing to do with the nature of IPOs . ( NVDA has been a public company for a quarter of a century . ) And NVDA didn't go from $ 141 to $ 95 in one month ; it went from $ 128 to $ 99 in one month ( with a high of $ 135 back on July 10 ) . Unfortunate for people long NVDA ; definitely not " insane . " No idea what you mean by " close to bottoming the entire market cap " ( and am pretty sure you don't know what you mean either ) . And while a broad stock market crash may – * may – * fuel a credit-crunch that leads to a recession , what's happening to NVDA is not going to do that . You're losing money on your precious stock . That happens . Welcome to the world of investing .
Good for you ! ! Mine is 79.82 lol
... during power hour ...
Jim , have more common sense . Retail investors only account for 5-7 % of the entire market of investors . We know what ’ s going on we just don ’ t know why . It already dropped 30 % + since the post split high .
They have definitely manipulated stock ( MMs and HFMs ) and the SEC / DOJ are looking for it now . It ’ s been happening for years with lesser companies ( GME ) and if you think that ’ s just an outlier , well good luck .
If you can read the charts , you will see that lower prices are coming ! It ’ s now below last Friday ’ s trading range that it stayed inside of Monday & Tuesday . It tried to go above but couldn ’ t . This isn ’ t about SMCI . This is how the charts read . It ’ s how they ’ ve been reading since hitting 140 !
I have t seen anyone giving me free gpu yet .
We have several reasons about the " why " including the most important " why " of all : that more investors are selling than are buying . Basic economics . As to the other " why's " that factor into the big " why " : Fears of economic downturn . Fears of Japanese interest rate hikes . Uncertainty across the entire market relating to war , fears of war , political instability . Fears that AI might not be the game-changer that NVDA fans think it might be . Fear of antitrust issues . It's a testament to NVDA's record and profitability that the stock is above 100 . Will NVDA continue to be a growing and profitable company ? Almost certainly the answer is yes . Does it deserve to trade at $ 130-140 ? Maybe someday . Right now , the market is telling us emphatically that the answer is no . There is no manipulation ( or if there is , it's not of a scale that can possibly matter ) .
You must not be on the secret mailing list .
Definitely not manipulation . When a stock goes down everyone says MANIPULATION . Why don ’ t they say that when it goes up ? 🤔
Exactly .
must be the guy who bought 770k shares at $ 100
Is at $ 119 after market . Happy days tomorrow hopefully . Historical almost 20 % increase in a day , what a crazy day
I need everyone to sell so that it drops back down to $ 102 . I got paid today and missed out on the damn dip . Whenever I have money , it pumps . Whenever I don ’ t have money , it dips .
We have a beautiful flagpole currently in the charts that is something we can all agree on
Diamond hands
i sold 200 that were on margin because I was close to getting liquidated yesterday 😅
Hey don ’ t be upset people are allowed to take profits either way they will be back I am holding my bag . 🚀 🚀 🚀 is inevitable .
Must be Nancy .
I sold some calls , but up and further out . Can I stay ?
Somewhere , some guy is the one who bought at the moment it peaked at $ 135 . Don't be that guy .
Looks like we got a serious dead cat bounce . Ok . They want to unload ? No worries . Then I ’ ll be patient and wait for the dusk to settle . RSI at 33 . MACD below 20 & 50 MA . At $ 90s we buy then . Simple
Diamond hands
Was that a false start on a 95 - 150 rally
Yeah , I started selling again ---> > > COVERED Calls . I been sold out 6 NVDA and NVDL calls in a matter of minutes this morning . GREEN makes everyone buy !
You ’ re welcome guys , I bought some puts yesterday and now I ’ m on 0 ;) But glad it ’ s up , it worth it . Never a wing for me lol
If you don't know how the stock market works then stop looking at it
121 + now
That ’ s why it ’ s key is to have money liquid for this scenario
Get ready , it's heading that way fast
You get yellow card
That article came out today & everyone saw . The news about Meta capex will definitely help tonight during AH .
A lot of folks did . They'll be ok in the long run .
Guys looks like the jobs report came in weaker than expected and now there ’ s an aroma of recession possibly striking . To add , Intel reported dismal results and announced dividend suspension and 17.5 k or 15 % of work force to be let go . Forget jumping in the $ 90s . Time to take a back seat on this and let it continue lower .
Spill the beans plz
Can NVDA outpace appl and msft ? $ 145 ? HOLDR
Idk man I think the ARM ’ s earning will cancel that shit out .
It doesn't just go up in a linear fashion ... shocking I know
ARM is a different animal .
It's linear over very short time spans . Lines go up . Always .
Guess you have never seen stocks that have been delisted and then bankrupt . 💀
Fuck me I held on to Washington Mutual to the bitter end .
Will be huge . Most people don't understand what this will do to scalability and performance . I don't know if those futures are going to impact short but long term is looking very good .
Useful info . I was following Hot chips as well and knew this over the weekend . Tomshardware site reported an article as well on Blackwell . Very positive . I don ’ t think Blackwell issue was a rumor but such tests and fails are normal in production process . The news blew it up and scared retail holders .
If they report new future sales figures on the books for 2025 and 2026 revised up 100-200 % , seems plausible
I think if see a breakout company reporting scalable value from AI it ’ ll double by EoY
I mean , of course . If they double their projected revenue , which is already sky-high , then absolutely the valuation can skyrocket further . But that's a pretty aggressive statement when expectations are already so high .
Hype . There is no double from here in 4 months . Could it ? Sure if Nvidia doubled output and guided they were sold out through 2026 too . But not too confident that is going to happen . I'd be cautious about what agenda may be in play with articles like this .
Right now , their output is very restricted , even at 100 % capacity . If they say they have closed sales for 2026 and 27 , then yeah , they could get a big spike ; sustainable ? Very doubtful , but if you ’ re a trader , could be a great payday
Double its peak in 4 months ? Lmao
AI is a new Industrial Revolution … It ’ s going to be bigger than the birth of the PC , the internet , mobile phones , bigger than every modern day technological advancement , combined . … . The applications for true AI , self learning AI are limitless . Coupled with robotics brings it next level . The boat is just leaving the dock …
How long did it take them to add the last $ 2T ? 10 months ? Maybe 12 ? It could add $ 3T over the next 12 months
Nvidia has enjoyed a tremendous windfall from being well-positioned for the opportunity . But there is very little to no more upside from here . The cat's out of the bag now . They're going to face fierce competition from their own customers and reduced demand in the future as the infrastructure build-out transitions into a digestion phase . Can the stock go up some more in the short-term ? Sure . Is it going to sustain ? Nope . Chip revenues will cycle out , and Nvidia is going to lose its bottom when that happens .
Blackwell delay = more H200 sales . Also gives everyone time adopt liquid cooling racks . I want to see H200 sales , China ’ s H20 or B20 cut down orders ( which would include Biden ’ s CHIPS ACT Part 2 limits ) , and updates on redesigns on B200 progress . Guidance should be another $ 28B as B200 redesign might not just fix heating issue , it gives them time to further tweak the performance . They have so much cash in hand , it would be silly not to increase stock buy back . Overall $ 140 for earnings .
it will be more like 115 by Friday as everyone is waiting to sell on Thursday
Where was it 4 months ago ?
We're in the exponential curve right now . Heck it's not even a curve anymore , just a straight line going up . It's hard to stop thinking in a linear way . The advancements we had in the last 5 years ... only going to be about 2.5 years now . Half that again in 2.5 years to 1.25 ... it just keeps going that way . Cuban is correct
he's just repeating what jensen said . NVDA 200 in 2025 . Retire and invest in the market . Watch layoffs and sip my mojito on the beach .
I like how this doesn ’ t give a shred of hope for our careers . Nice little diddy of a Saturday afternoon video .
I mean , unfortunately you cant control what employees think or how to get them to more productive just to be a great worker the a any normal great worker should be like . You have employees who say , man fuck this job , im not doing shit and they spread that mentality across the business with big impacts to productivity . Id rather deal with a robot than someone who doesn ’ t give a fuck about the job they do . I think itll have a some bad impacts to some industries , but i also think itll make human interactions businesses much more valuable and appreciated . More to come
WALL-E [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1BQPV-iCkU ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=h1BQPV-iCkU )
Yes , I believe he is right . I like the part where the interviewer says that people will just adapt to the next need , and Cuban says “ what are you going to go back to learn to do ! ? ” Most people I know , like the interviewer , still don ’ t get it . Once you can train the AI to do something , by the time the human goes to learn to do another thing , the AI will quickly consume that too . Even if the AI can ’ t do everything , it ’ s going to enable one good human to be as productive as 100 , so the other 99 will be let go or won ’ t be hired . The writing is on the wall ladies and gentlemen .
We need a few more generations of hardware before this is the case , so I would put the timeline more at 10 years than 5 .
Nvidia is skynet . No da .
Anyone who claims AI will replace software developers in the next decade is delusional . Absolutely DELUSIONAL . We are still a LONG way off before companies can just have AI solve and create their next big idea . Any software developer worth their salt will tell you this , and furthermore , any developer who says AI have made them 10x more efficient are also fools who are likely 0.1 x developers to begin with .
Nice . I have the same exact problem plan
Yea I know . So many employees aren ’ t worth shit . I really decide where I shop and eat based on the service
Huh , hardware is always more advanced then software . Ever heard that if our software is fully optimized that our hardware can run x100 faster ? Btw , Meta internal programing software already write itself , you get paid to be creative and solve the problem AI still cannot .
Idk what that is
Employees are usually a reflection of the quality of their employer in my experience and boy are employers like Eric Schmidt trying to deflect blame there . Googlers are supposed to love an employer that lays a bunch of them off because they supposedly have no money but then they magically find $ 70B for a stock buyback ? Yeah right .
Same here
> Huh , hardware is always more advanced then software . When has that ever been true for AI ? The biggest hindrance has been compute hardware . > Ever heard that if our software is fully optimized that our hardware can run x100 faster ? Nope , especially for AI . Do you actually think everyone is just running really inefficient AI software ? If we just need to program stuff properly and get a 100x speed-up , then there is no need for billions of dollars invested in new hardware development . > Meta internal programing software already write itself How many projects are fully AI written at Meta ? Using what ? Llama 3.1 405B that requires a massive server just for inference ? You sound like you have no clue what you're talking about .
I never thought about this question I but it makes sense . We update our software way more often than we update the hardware . So the hardware can ’ t be the limiting factor
https://m.imdb.com/title/tt0088247/?ref_=ext_shr_lnk
the problems with google started a few years before they officially retired the “ don ’ t be evil ” motto .
True . But the problem still exists
No , it makes zero sense . What are you even talking about ? Of course you can update software more easily than hardware , because they're fundamentally different . Software is much easier to develop than new hardware . That doesn't magically mean software isn't constrained by the current generation of AI hardware . There are physical limits , especially around available VRAM for massive models . Updating software doesn't solve those physical hardware limitations , only new hardware will .
I ’ ll check out the preview
Listening to Eric Schmidt , they were inevitable . He's still butthurt over GPUs and he hates CUDA to this day . But hey had ish early on . [ https://www.forbes.com/sites/patriciagbarnes/2019/07/20/deja-vu-google-settles-age-discrimination-lawsuit-for-11-million/ ] ( https://www.forbes.com/sites/patriciagbarnes/2019/07/20/deja-vu-google-settles-age-discrimination-lawsuit-for-11-million/ )
Bought around 2011 at $ 0.194 ( adjusted ) . First kid was born and we decided to start investing for his future . Not a lot , just a little here and there , mostly in tech . NVDA caught our attention at the time because auto companies were starting to use their GPUs for smart car features like adaptive cruise control . We were in it for the long run so have been holding since then . Edit : I agree with another poster — it was pure luck that we hit the NVDA jackpot . No skills whatsoever .
NVDA has been a big name in the gaming world since long before 2015 - a lot of people buy stocks of products they like / use . I ’ ve owned it several times over the years but I ’ ve never held it more than a few weeks / months at a time . If you ’ re wondering how people “ figure out ” something like this is going to explode into the highest market cap company in the world … . well I don ’ t think anyone does . Some people just get “ lucky ” so to speak .
I was tracking NVDA and other gaming stocks for years , but didn ’ t take a large position until the developer conference in 2016 . What caught my eye is that the number of developers that showed up that year jumped by a huge number . I realized that they were there because NVDA parallel processing was needed to manage data in the data centers and NVDA would transition away from being just a gaming company . This was not fully appreciated by the analyst community and not baked into the stock price in my opinion . At the time the market cap was around 30 billion if I remember correctly . The only lesson I have is that you have to do your own research and not trust the people they trot out on CNBC . Those people will literally say anything and sell out their own mothers . You just don ’ t know what their motivations are .
Im on mobile so sorry for typos . I never bought nvidia but they have always been on my radar ( im in amd ) . But i also really like nvidia from an investor perspective . No one " found " nvidia early , as in 2015 anyone predicting this would not have been taken seriously ( as im sure there are a couple here that did predict this , and they weren't taken seriously ) . In 2015 nvidia was a gaming company dabbling in some alternative uses for gpus which seemed promising but did not have many applications ( relatively speaking to today ) . My tech friends loved nvidia because their ease of programming and libraries really let you do a lot with them ! But nvidia stock was always 50 % or higher than i really want yo pay for the stock , and amd had a more obvious roadmap to me , taking existing tam from a competitor ( s ) is easier to understand than the creation of new markets ; which was nvidias primary story . In 2015 nvidia was also just coming off of fermi which was a relative disaster that lost a lot of gpu share to amd . Maxwell hadn't launched ( late 2016 early 2017 ? ? ) yet which was nvidias really big improvement in architecture that launched them significantly ahead of amd in gaming gpus . The real key to nvidias success is their attitude of creating total solutions that let end users easily work with and develop on their products . They also are ruthless , if it benefits them they will absolutely sabatage their competitors and squeeze partners until they fold . As a consumer this is kind of frustrating as it hurts the overall ecosystem . As an investor it has benefitted them greatly . If you are looking to find comapnies like nvidia in 2015 inwould say a few things . 1 ) a ceo who know their company from top to bottom , and doesnt run it based on accounting numbers but based on engineering principles . 2 ) is developing new solutions and is forward thinking . Not just responding to what customers are asking for . But is developing solutions they arent asking for because they dont understand the potential . there are others that are equally important . But those are my two . Also note that many other nvidia prospects flopped . Vr and self driving cars are both markets that were supposed to make nvidia billions and flopped hard . Ai kinda blindsided people relative to vr and self driving .
Owned Nvidia since mid 2000s . Orig share purchase was $ 6-7 at the time of purchase and the stock has split by a factor of 120x since . Nvidia got on my radar by having worked in the industry and known Jensen Huang during his LSI Logic days . It's created a tremendous amount of wealth , and will continue to do so .
At Starbucks , someone told me to buy NVDA that is all . It was a small gay autistic sounding bold man with a big nose funny voice and long scarf who drove a beater Camry . So I knew he knew what he was talking about .
I bought at $ 18.88 and liked the fact that it wasn't as popular as it is now . I sold when daily swings were over $ 100k / day ... I moved to tsm , MSFT and a couple more
Nvidia was just a very popular brand amongst gamers . If you game on pc , you cannot not know about nvidia .
I personally bought because I liked PC gaming . However , my best friend at the time was a EE PhD student working with the early days of NVDA CUDA , and he couldn't stop talking about NVDA technology . My father is also a professor of EE and senior engineer at AVGO , so when he told me in 2015 that NVDA was at least 20 years ahead of the rest of the world in terms of research , I definitely listened . NVDA just got lucky on the AI boom , but i would have been perfectly happy to watch NVDA grow as a gaming chip company
Jim Cramer
I met Jensen Huang a few times at the GeForce LANs . He was generally interested in seeing what games we were enjoying and taking pictures with his fans . Very humble guy in public , but I'm guessing he's ruthless in the boardroom . So I did some research and bought some shares in 2010 ( \ ~ 40 ¢ / share \ [ adjusted \ ] ) . And I bought them at the " wrong time " when the share price peaked and was in the red with NVDA for a couple of years . Did I foresee all this AI / CUDA / datacenter stuff happening a decade or so later ? Hell , no ! I consider myself extremely lucky for holding on . It's like when I bought TSLA when it was losing money every quarter , or AAPL before the iPhone . All of it : extremely lucky . There's no way I could have predicted it all . It all could have went very wrong and I'm so grateful that it did not . We early birds are not geniuses , just lucky .
As others have said , Nvidia makes the number one GPU on the market since ages ago way before 2015 . Their product was superior and premium compared to ATI ( bought by AMD ) . I often would buy stocks of things I use , and as their results improve , I keep on adding . I have always used NVDA graphics card for the last 20 years and Intel for the CPU . I did change my intel CPU to AMD a couple of years ago ... lol . In fact I changed the GPU to AMD as well because the NVDA version was too expensive and I was cheap :) I still think NVDA makes the best GPU . After I bought a Tesla car , I bought more TSLA shares just because how impressed I was with the actual product itself . I was always a TSLA shareholder since 2012 too but after using the car myself , I remember the 24 hour test drive , I bought more shares the following week . I did this with ZM as well , I had to research for the best web conferencing tool in 2017-2018 and found Zoom . When compared to the competitors , they were so much better in performance and ease of use . I bought it shortly after my company adopted it , and I sold it during peak of Covid because I did not think the valuation makes sense .
It was already a big tech stock to own in 2017 , the price action was just more dependent on bitcoin mining and gaming demand . It ’ s always been a volatile stock , but no one expected it to blow up like this in the past year
Bought about $ 60k worth in January 2015 ( 0.60 adjusted ) after building my first pc and reading the tech nerd sites like Toms Hardware . It was nearly unanimous on all the nerd blogs that Nvidia was the best gpu . In large part bc of their stable drivers . There was also growing chatter as to how good GPU ’ s were at accelerated computing . AMD , their only competitor , had been unprofitable for years and years . Seemed a safe bet to me that accelerated computing would be a growing field . And they ’ d dominate . I never dreamed it would turn out this well … but here we are .
I became a " never sell " believer from watching Jensen speak at various tech conferences - GTC , CES , Siggraph , etc . You can find dozens on Youtube . GTC videos are available back to 2009 , the first one . You'll see Jensen pace the stage and speak unscripted for a couple of hours at a time about every detail of Nvidia's technology . Compare this to something like an AMD tech conference where Lisa Su stands in place reading a speech off a teleprompter for 20 minutes and hands off the rest to other speakers . If you want to see Jensen at his best and get a good sense of how big Nvidia's AI lead is , watch GTC 2014 : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaJGfWDFo74&list=PLZHnYvH1qtOZZJB2RtwGVK7b233j7bw1K&index=2&t=10s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=qaJGfWDFo74&list=PLZHnYvH1qtOZZJB2RtwGVK7b233j7bw1K&index=2&t=10s ) Compare this to the 12/2023 AMD MI300X launch event : [ https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVl25BbczLI&t=105s ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=pVl25BbczLI&t=105s )
Worked for nVidia . Jensen personally flew over to make the whole site redundant in 2012 . I kept some of the RSU and ESPP . Taking the splits ( 4x and 10 x ) into consideration it costs $ 0.28 per share .
Been in the auto industry for the past 25 years and NVDA was discussed a lot within the circle . I had a boss who was an active investor and advised . Bought it in 2010 and just ignored it . Glad I ignored it . It was pure luck .
I ’ d appreciate anyone who can answer this : Can you tell me if you have found another company like this today with good fundamentals ?
Was into gaming at first and saw all these gaming laptops had NVDA stickers so invested in NVDA . Then crypto boomed and saw all these NVDA chips being used for crypto mining , so invested more . Then started working for an AI company in 2017 and they were paying so much for compute resources with NVDA chips , and that's when I realized NVDA was in demand and had diversified customer base so bought tons more .
I mean it wasn ’ t that hard to find , they ’ re almost in everyone computers and those years were good pc gaming years
For me , it was pure luck !
I bought a TNT 2 Ultra to replace my Voodoo gaming setup . At the time I liked the performance and the company was being really aggressive with their marketing which indicated they were being serious . So , I bought some shares and maybe a few months later Microsoft announced that NVIDIA would be in the first Xbox . Signs for good companies are everywhere and it helps if you actually buy into what they are offering .
I used to purchase both NVIDIA gforces and AMD radeons back when i used to play pc games at a high level . Bought the stock bc i loved gaming
The good GPU ’ s was nvidia geforce . I ’ ve known about nvidia for 15-20 years but only started investing about 3 years ago , sadly - solely because the name Nvidia is sexy and it turned out pretty well .
I bought in 2020 when I first started investing , because when I built my pc I put a Nividia GPU in .
Cramer
My son played computer games . I have 3000 shares . $ 16 .
First heard about Nvidia — — Back in the 2000s ， playing PC games . Why bought the shares — — Not until 2022 June , out of sheer luck , when I was browsing the stock list and saw a familiar name , thought it was low at that time ( luck again ) . I didn't know it would skyrocket like hell . It was after I bought it , when I made some research into it , then I add more and more cash into it .
I am all in NVDA 🥰
I liked my graphics card I bought in high school so I bought some stock and forgot about it
I would say buying shares early is not a smart thing . Holding them for long term is smart thing since there are many situations you get fear of loosing it after it reach 10x
I bought in 2017 ( split adjusted 3850 shares @ $ 2.40 per share ) . I thought , I like Nvidia . Kinda stupid . Because they made a functional Linux graphics driver . Also , because crypto mining was starting to be a thing , and because we had customers that were buying small amounts of Nvidia GPUs to see if their code would run in the CUDA environment . I saw it growing , and I just said , I'm holding this until it's more than my house cost ( $ 225 at the time of purchase ) . Now , it's more than double that , and I'm holding because I see the value Nvidia is creating . Where I work , H100s are back ordered 9-12 months . They keep crushing earnings . I'm holding through Blackwell , and maybe even Rubin .
I purchased Nvidia when it was $ 19 per share . I remember reading an article that hinted at a stock that was expected to take off soon . To find out the name of the stock , readers were asked to pay $ 49.99 . Instead of spending money I didn't have , I decided to Google key phrases mentioned in the article . My search led me to " Nvidia . " Now , I own 853 shares and am still holding . I regret not buying more back then , but I'm continuing to purchase as much as I can now . My dream is to accumulate enough to finally walk away from Corporate America !
I bought late 1990 ’ s based on a Motley Fool recommendation ; about the only one that has paid off . Share purchase price was $ 3.30 ea bought 500 shares and still have them
I hate past self sometimes . I ’ ve for a long time , ( 2013 ) loved nvda . Was too broke and too stupid to buy when it was sub $ 50 . I had the first nvidia shield and other products . I was buying weed instead of stocks and well I could be rich today but all I can do is try to do better and learn from my stupidity . I hold close to 500 shares now and will add as many as I can on the way to $ 250 and beyond .
How many shares you have now ?
I got my kids some stocks and if I left them and didn ’ t meddle with them I wouldn ’ t be as lucky as you but still sitting good . Kudos to you for not selling along the years . Congratulations !
I bought around then too , but sold after going up 5x . How did you not sell ?
Great insight ! Thanks for sharing . How do I decide today what cheap stocks to buy for future companies that will do well ?
I learned about them from building a gaming computer and knew they were top of the line back then . I invested just under 5k with an average share price of $ 4.86 . I like to think I was right but you ’ re right . I ’ m aware I bought a good company but also aware I got superrrr lucky . If anyone says they knew they would blow up like this they are liars .
It's been a big name in the gaming world since Riva TNT / GeForce 256 in ' 98/99 , around the time it IPO'd .
I remember NVDA from the 1990s when I was really into building computers . ATI and NVDA were neck and neck for selling the best graphics card . Is ATI still around ?
nVIDIA used to be about gaming and they'd hold GeForce LAN parties to thank the gamers for buying their products . However , I think that all changed in 2008 when they held NVision 08 as a giant LAN party for gamers , celebrities ... and developers to showcase CUDA . I think that's when nVIDIA started shifting more towards developers . Since NVision 08 , it's been annual GTC conferences . They held their last Geforce LAN party in 2011 : RIP ! , I miss those fun days !
Ah , good old Maxwell . AMD had a hard time competing since then . Came close at times and could be better value if price to performance in gaming was all that mattered , but couldn't really overcome Nvidia at the high end , and barely any foothold in pro-viz , even with Apple ditching Nvidia and switching to AMD . In render farms for films and such , nobody used AMD + OpenCL compared to CUDA . Many highly intensive professional 3D graphics simply didn't support it so Nvidia was the default choice as well .
> No one " found " nvidia early false . All you had to do was listen to the CEO . > In 2015 nvidia was a gaming company dabbling in some alternative uses for gpus which seemed promising but did not have many applications Nvidia had an entire program dedicated to GPGPU including parallel programming education at top universities starting in early 2000s . GPGPU was used for Monte Carlo Simulation and Black Shoals modeling in the financial community in the late aughts . And the Eureka moment in ML was 2012 . This statement conveniently dismisses all that groundwork that was laid . > if it benefits them they will absolutely sabatage their competitors and squeeze partners until they fold . That's what competitor's say anyway . . . > As a consumer this is kind of frustrating as it hurts the overall ecosystem . As a consumer , they should want two strong choices , which they had when AMD bought ATI in 2006 . ATI was a much bigger company than Nvidia at that point . What happened since is really on the combined efforts of ATI and AMD , not on Nvidia . ( RTG has also been guilty of benchmark cheating and shady marketing practices so , pot meet kettle . ) If AMD is unable to keep up , to match the development pace , or to forge strong alliances and initiatives with development community , why is that Nvidia's fault ? I agree with your 1 and 2 . > Vr and self driving cars are both markets that were supposed to make nvidia billions and flopped hard . VR was being pushed by goggle makers ( Google , Meta , Qcom ) not Nvidia . Nvidia has always had the engines / infra to run this technology . What flopped was the consumer facing effort to sell glasses . As it is , VR remains a key feature for Omniverse , Nvidia supports apple now too , and that isn't going anywhere . It's a pro-vis application , not consumer . Self Driving remains an initiative that Elon Musk was promoting hard - - like with his hands free across the US 3000 mile un assisted promise to occur by the end of 2018 . This technology isn't dead , it's delayed . In fact , Nvidia's lead customer Mercedes Benz is farther along than others in certification . And self driving big rigs also continue to make headway . To say these technologies flopped is just wrong . Self driving and Omniverse are already $ B businesses .
Yes but how many shares
Was it Donnie Azoff ?
He was probably a video gamer ! LoL !
How did they " just get lucky " , they put themselves ahead through a decade of forward thinking hard work ...
It's always insider shit . Lol .
I never did buy NVIDIA shares , but I recall telling a friend to buy them when they were 3.40 cents ( adjusted ) . I never did because I was an AMD fanboy at the time - AMD did well also , but no where near the rise of nvidia . oh well
So you ’ re sitting on around ~ $ 12,500 , 000 ?
Can you tell me if you have found another company like this today with good fundamentals ?
it will be hard to match something like nvidia because AI changes everything , much like the internet did .
never too late ! ! buy more aggressively ! !
Was it because he named his dog NVDA ?
Not so early as you lucky bastard bought it in 2015 . Congratulations you guys !
Ballllllls Deeeeepppp
You forgot about 5 stock splits and Big Boobs is much closer to my holdings
Am I right in calculating a value close to $ 200M ? Calculated wrong formula - maybe closer to $ 4.2 M
[ deleted ]
A few thousand shares . I consider myself extremely lucky . It feels like hitting the lottery .
At the time , NVDA made up about 5 % of our entire portfolio , so when it got up to 5X , it was relatively easy to hold on . But once we got to 250X and completely took over our portfolio , we were still confident in the company . But now , we are thinking of cashing out 1/3 or 1/2 since we ’ re getting closer to retiring ( still 8 years away but this would be a nice egg to have for retirement ) .
How much have you made ? ? ?
You're not wrong . I'm in the industry , and have installed machine learning platforms , and I had no idea it was going to become the unstoppable force that it has become .
I ’ ve only ever owned NVDA graphics cards out of a good 5-7 custom builds over the years .
lol I was always a Intel / NVDA supporter . It ’ s just what my older brother taught me was the best and I ’ ve been loyal to both brands for decades now haha .
ATI was bought by AMD . Remember ATI Radeon ? Now it's called AMD Radeon .
Yeah . . . So the question was how did you find nvidia in 2015 . I took that question to mean , how did one foresee 100b annual revenue from gpu based systems at 80 % gm . In hindsight yeah , you can listen to huang . But listening to ceos spin a tale about how great their company , That is far from sufficient to pick a winner . My comment about gpgpu being insignificant is from a revenue and ramp standpoint . In 2015 to 2022 their datacenter rampp and stock performance was very similar to amd comparing gains depending on exactly what time frame you look at . Obv 2022 onward has been a blowout . Its not just what their competitors say . See EVGA saying that nvidia has squeezed them so hard they can no longer make gpus , Linux ( linus famousing saying nvidia is the worste and publicly flipping them off and saying , " fuck you nvidia " ) , GPP anticompetitive practices , and nvidia canceling HWU because they didnt say enough nice things about ray tracing . Amd has never canceled someone from a bad review , never had a partner publicly blast them for squeezing them out of business , and is a great linux partner . I get it , you are a fan of nvidia and huang . . . But lets not pretend . Amd / rtg is an incompetent partner . Nvidia is a greedy partner . They are not the same . I generally agree though that amds problems could be solved by better gpu hardware , better software support , and better development solutions . Nvidias schenanigans is not the primary cause of amds issues . And to be clear , i think nvidias business model of closed source is far superior to amds . As an investor idgaf about evga not being able to make gpus . Nvidia does the drivers , makes the gpu , qualities the memory , does all yhe hard shit . What do i care about an aib ? I dont . Who cares if linus hates nvidia ? Cry me a river the software nvidia does is amazing . But lets make sure we understand . . . Being cutthroat in business can be a very good thing . For nvidia they have done very well . But lets not pretend . Self driving and vr are not what contributed to nvidia being a 3t company . Without llm ai nvidia would still be sub 1T market cap . And yes , if you look at the hype that was surrounding them 2017 to 2019 . . . They flopped hard . Are they a thriving business unit for nvidia ? Absolutely . But thwy are still a flop . Gaming is still a far more important business unit that either of those .
no . it was a local guy in Cambridge , MA . seemed like an unemployed guy tbh . i believed him because of the autism .
no . he was like an unemployed autist of some sort . but it sounded like he knew what he was talking about .
I think it's still an incredible amount of luck that an innovative technology realizes it's full potential on the market . Today , we associate NVDA with AI stock automatically , but there was still a progression from gaming stock , to somewhat associated with the auto industry during the chip crisis , and then full blown AI stock after neural network tools became accessible to the general public - correct me if I'm wrong , but I would say Tensorflow 2.0 release in 2019 really changed the game for neural network and computer science research . Around that time was when my PhD friend started trying to get me to learn Tensorflow because using CUDA for financial analysis was really fire at that time .
I sold around half over the the years .
The thing is , there's a shitload of luck involved . Everything has to come together in ways you did not expect . For example , I'm sure NVDA would have grown more slowly if there wasn't that ChatGPT moment that really sparked the AI wave . What if Sam Altman decided it was too dangerous to let the public try it ? What if crypto wasn't " a thing " where they leveraged nVIDIA cards to do all those calculations / mining . Etc , etc .
Yes ! 😆 it got me interested in the company then he has Jen-Sen on the show as well
[ deleted ]
you should add more . a few thousand shares are too little
I know I ’ m not the best at math , but couldn ’ t you retire now ?
Yeah it ’ s just not a strategy I ’ d ever feel comfortable playing . I don ’ t allow any single stock to make up more than 10 % of my portfolio , it happened with TSLA , but that ’ s rare and I eventually sold it back down to like 1-2 % .
You're assuming the arrival of technologies are luck , but AI is easily predictable and was the result of continuous persistent investment . In the year 2000 , Eliezer Yudkowsky founded the Singularity Institute . The Singularity Is Near was published in 2005 by Google's chief AI scientist and gave the date of 2029 as the year of AGI . Tensorflow was cool but simply by being " version 2.0 " you should see that it didn't appear out of nowhere but was a thing people were interested in for a long time . The real inflection point was AlexNet in 2012 and the hard work started from there . After AlexNet , people who knew , knew . You had a steady drum beat of innovations since then including things like AlphaGo , self driving , and so on . 2019 is way too late as a " beginning " , but for the average investor I think 2015 is when you would've been able to buy into the nvidia story specifically . https://youtu.be/_iBLoNG0qHk?t=50
[ deleted ]
You ’ re right , I probably could retire now and have seriously considered it . But we have two kids still in school ( not college yet ) and we live in SoCal . Don ’ t get me wrong , SoCal is expensive but for us , it ’ s worth it ( the beautiful weather , the surf , the vast diversity in the people and the food , etc . ) . Most likely , I will retire in 2-3 years .
I hear ya . Part of the reason we held was that even without it , our portfolio was well diversified and healthy . It ’ s like having a comfortable living and then winning the lottery .
NVIDIA has undergone [ several stock splits ] ( https://companiesmarketcap.com/nvidia/stock-splits/ ) since going public . I'll assume the OP bought 500 shares before 2000 , which would mean 500 shares have become 240,000 shares valued currently at around $ 30M .
Splits ?
uh ...
I just sold my second business . Just paid off my ex wife . I had the majority of my financial worth now in the markets instead of my business . Was bleeding money in 2022 . I got nervous . I sold off a bunch of stocks to tax harvest and staunch the blood flow . Huge mistake . Lost a lot of the recent upside . Did okay . But could have done much better . Never again . I ’ m a buy and hold , long term . Nothing else .
Lost half of everything in the dot com bubble , which was millions . Went to all cash out of pure fear . Late 2000 ' s decided to go back into the market and invest like an old dying man , buying bonds is solid companies that I knew would be there forever Lehman Brothers Washington Mutual And General Motors All three went bankrupt taking most of the rest . Put what was left back in cash and let it sit there at 2 % until the beginning of 2023 . So , for those of you they lost $ 3,000 today , I feel your pain ... but my 1-2 K shares each of Amazon , Microsoft , Google , and NVdia have made it a really tough month .
Trading leveraged stocks in the last month - down over 10 k .
I got broken up with in front of the NYSE .
Two stories 1 . Shorted ACH ( aluminum corp china ) @ $ 35 , on margin in 2007 days later it was over $ 72 . I had to liquidate , lost a ton of money . Within months it was only $ 8 , now it's not even listed . I knew it was crap , but over committed . I needed that money to relocate when I was moving out of my home country . I still did themove , but it was less comfortable . 2 . 2022 Following the suicide of my second sibling at the end of 2021 , ( my brother ) , I developed some depression , and should have quit trading . Instead I watched my account go from close to 1M down to about 440K and didn't really care , I think I was disconnected , and even despised money a little . I woke up , and pulled the pin and stopped trading for about a year . Took all the money out to give the money to my wife to buy a house for her aging father and aunt , and put down payments on other apartments we will hopefully use for post retirement income . I started over with only about $ 5000 and slowly contributed until I could wheel and deal again . Since then , the daily ups and downs are pretty easy to handle , after going through those events , I learned a lot about stress , loss , and what's really important .
I bought $ 100k of NVDA at $ 135 each stock
Well , I blew ( “ lots ” of ? ) money on some companies that I wished and hoped had done well , mostly “ green ” companies ( EV company Arrival somewhat recently ; ocean power company OPTT and a couple of others ) . These were eyes-wide-open “ frivolous money ” moves where I half expected to lose everything that I bet on them , and did ( don ’ t invest what you can ’ t afford to lose , etc . ) . Biggest “ safe ” investment where I lost everything was when I bought Kodak . Big , safe , blue-chip , dividend payer , bought some , did ok , kept buying as they slid down and down . But they were so big , can ’ t fail right ? I ’ m “ bottom fishing ” , yay ! And yet still they went down and down and down and still I kept gleefully buying evermore … until they admitted defeat , admitted they ’ d completely flubbed the move to the digital world and declared bankruptcy ( what ? , early 20 - teens ? 2010 ? Somewhere in there ) . That wrote off all my stocks . And bugger me , to pour salt into the wound , they emerged from bankruptcy a year later shot of all those pesky shareholders from pre-bankruptcy and carried / limped on . Bastards . Anyway , that made me very gun-shy of buying , buying , buying on the way down , … just in case they don ’ t come back ( yikes , as I ’ m doing with INTC today ! ! ! )
I put a large chunk of money into the market in May of 2021 and my equity fell by over 50 % going into October of 2022 . Since then ? I ’ m up 91 % even with the recent pull back . It ’ s a marathon not a sprint . But investing certainly isn ’ t for everyone .
these 2 rules have changed my investing and made me way more profitable DONT continue to keep averaging your loss to make it lower , this is a dangerous game and can lead you to overinvesting your savings before the stock bottoms out , then eventually before it recovers you will probably just cut your losses and lose money Second , DONT trade against the trend . This is mostly for options but also when purchasing shares . Just use the trend in general for better market knowledge and predictions HIGHER HIGHS + HIGHER LOWS = uptrend LOWER HIGHS + LOWER LOWS = downtrend
I don't feel pain , next question
this . right now .
Never short the market . I lost big in 2022 in SQQQ and held way too long with far too much money . I bet against the Nasdaq and this was when Nvidia carried the entire market upwards . After that incident , I never short the full market anymore . Stocks only go up - they temporarily go down .
Reading the daily Nvidia anxiety / fanboy / woah is me and my millions threads 🤣
I started working for CSCO in 1996 . They used to give us stock grants , ESPP and I bought more CSCO on the open market . I was young , had zero debt and was in sales ( they paid us a lot ) so I would buy as much CSCO stock as I could wil each paycheck . There was no balanced portfolio for me . Anyway . I watched the stock go from $ 82 to under $ 10 in like 3 months . I sold a bunch on the way down but I was very discourged and then CSCO laid a ton of people off . The euphoria of getting rich followed by the bubble popping and then 9-11 , which happened a few months after that , you are forever changed .
Went from + 30k to - 20k trading options during the 2018 tech correction . My entire portfolio went from 80k to 30k . I quit for a good half a year after that . Then covid came and I was more mentally prepared and less rash .
The Great Recession . Not long before everything came tumbling down , divorce was finalized . I shelled out just under $ 1M to split things with my ex ( and keep the house so my kids could continue attending the same elementary school ) . My investment portfolio was down 30-40 % for a good while during that bear market ( dunno exactly because I stopped looking and focused on remaining gainfully employed ) . I kept doing the same as always ... sinking the max into 401k ( and that company had a 15 % match ! ) . Also , I did not change any of my taxable investments . A number of my colleagues and friends panicked and sold low , then failed to get back in during the rebound . So they essentaily got burned both ways . Don't incur excessive debt / live beyond your means , or panic ; maintain a sane level of investment diversification , and keep an HYSA ( or near liquid bonds / ? ? ? ) emergency fund of 6 months to 1 + years of monthly burn rate handy .
Bought low and sold high , only to put it all on black .
Reading in WSB about the kid who inherited $ 800k yesterday and decided to put $ 700k into intel before it crashed 30 % …
$ 30K loss on BOIL . I thought I saw pattern but it never turned around ... Didn't have to pay capital gains tax that year tho ! Lol
NVAX . Excellent science . Could have been the best Covid vaccine . Criminal CEO who repeatedly lied about their inability to manufacture at scale . Still unable to bring a prefilled syringe of vaccine to market . They have vials , but the vials are only good for 6 hours after puncture . Lost 750K . Thank goodness for NVDA I have made much of it back .
Profited 18k on a call option , then lost it with the next three calls . Also , not yoloing when nancy bought those options in dec , because i didn ’ t know what options were , and was confused about her purchase .
I just lost all of my recent 2022 to 2023 gains thanks to options on NVDA . Bright side I'm still in the green 1 % . Converted more of my risky positions to cash . Looks like it might get ugly
NIO
Buying calls 8/ 2 $ 200 calls for AVGO
Right now
Started one year ago , and the past two weeks have been brutal . Holding and DCAing the dip now and won't sell . The biggest mistake was selling Bitcoin in the dip at the beginning of July . Lesson learned , and won't ever panic sell
You have not known pain before unless you were bullish on cannabis the last 4 years Edit : down $ 100k took the rest and diversified tech because tech has always been the answer
Me right now my everything i have is down
Not having protective puts in place . Very painful lesson for me . But I ’ m getting the hang of being bullish while playing defense . Understanding and applying the insurance concept lately has been useful
Bought 1000 shares of NVDA at the end of 2022 / beginning of 2023 . Listened to all the “ the sky is falling , the sky is falling , Biden is going to get us into WWIII , ” Sold at 240 only to watch it go to 1200 in about a year and three months ( sigh ) .
I ’ m pretty young but I joined one of those AI Facebook groups a year ago and they convinced me with previous results to put in 4K into a Chinese construction stock that went down tremendously it was at like 7 and I was convinced to hold all the way till it reached 1 . Dude ended up deleting his account . Being young and down 4K sucks cause my mindset was that ’ s a bike I could get or a down payment on land or something but it was a learning lesson .
Bought NVDA at the highest and went all in instead of picking up little by little 🙂‍↕ ️
Investing during Trump's reign .
Missing gme 2020
Feb 2020 . Covid 19 meltdown in Feb .
MMTLP . Stuck in courts money frozen with 65,000 other investors .
Nvidia during crypto bubble 2018 . Went from 292 peak or so to 120s I believe . And then again during post Covid when it was 330s and dropped to 110s .
Holding unity from $ 100 to $ 40 . Had over a quarter of net worth in it
Invested in Biocryst , they had a decent shot at rolling out a drug that would replace an incredibly expensive course of treatments but it didn't pan out . Lost like $ 2k . That was a lot for me back then . I made and lost $ 6k in options on Gamestop in like 6 weeks because I got greedy . Came out not kidding around $ 60 ahead enough to buy a videogame . My life is genuinely that funny . I normally just buy and hold . My real retirement fund is a target date index . My old IRA from a previous job is where I buy NVIDIA . I'm not disciplined enough for active trading and I know it now , so I only place a couple trades a year .
I shorted a stock on margin . It immediately went up 20 % to about 24 $ a share . I was sweating because I was down 2000 $ in a matter of a few days . I later covered at break even . That stock ? Fannie mae .
Shorting Russian Ruble futures after it bounced back up after the initial sell off when the war started . Nabiullina and the Russian Central Bank have managed to double the exchange rate after that , and I closed the position after realizing $ 25k loss in just two months . Holding TQQQ through 2022 wasn't pleasant either . At some point I was down nearly 80 % from ATH .
2000 during the dot com .. my portfolio was cut in half !
Trusting a " friend " to invest my money in the stock market under his account . He told me my portfolio was diverse . The truth was he put most of it in BTC and was daytrading , according to him his stop / loss was " bugged " and his broker app wasnt regulated . Lost all my money and bunch of money from other idiots like me who trusted him . Still owes me 600 dollars doesn't seem interested to pay me back .
Not buying more when i was younger
Bought TSLA at the peak and never set an exit plan … Allowed my disdain for Musk to sell at a 40 % loss and will tax harvest for the next 7 years … Rolled the proceeds to NVDA and plan to HODL
Spirit airlines , government struck down merger
Selling NVDA in 2019 to diversify into index funds after listening to the boogerheads on reddit , fuck those guys
Watching Para a tank with promises to be revived ...
I put a few thousand in some biotech company my friend worked for . It went tits up , he got laid off , and it's something else now . Pretty worthless . 99.9 % of my money is soundly invested so I don't really care .
Last three days .
I ’ m new to stock . Bought about 30 more shares at $ 130 . I ’ ve still made money overall but it ’ s been scary seeing the line drop back down
Living it NOW .
This recent dip didn ’ t hurt me too much … luckily my average was pretty low … Put the rest of the cash in my brokerage account into VOO just to be safe
could be worse , you could be the 700k YOLO guy on INTC with grandmas money
Buying NVDA close to ath and holding with looming recession
Joining subs of stocks I purchase .
Investing in GoPro and Fitbit one after another and losing $ 50k on both - was naive and awful
Bbby going bankrupt and losing everything . Was up huge at one point too .
Trusting in Cathie Wood ARK investment ...
Mullen is another horror I learned about through investing the most I lost off that was 700 , I started doing my research and pulled my money before any reverse splits .
I sold IVR the day before it went on a 65 % tear lol
I'm a new investor so right now lol
750K margin call … wiped me out … never ever use borrowed $ to invest … worst experience , best lesson ever …
Right now . I ’ m a newer investor and was doing great . I should have used stop losses so I could have kept some profits and rebuy when the stock went lower . Now I ’ m in the position of many people that have Nvidia that are holding and hoping for the best .
Down 55k in the past month but 2022 crash was worse .
I was 100 % in a nasdaq mutual fund when the dot com bubble burst . Luckily , I was still in my 20s . Nasdaq lost 78 % in 18 months .
Right now . Hearing all the whining
Bought FTCH the day before it went bankrupt . Exited out with a - $ 20k loss ..
Today .
If I would of held my shares of NVIDIA that I bought 2 years ago . I would of made over $ 100k . Instead I lost 92 % of my invested $ . Around $ 30k + . All I had to do is let it sit . Instead I panicked
if you have that much nvidia then I know you're still up . nvidia was 20-22 $ in 2021 . It's $ 107 when I checked todays close .
All of those stocks will be up in years man don ’ t get caught up on this dip . Look what happened in 2020 and were up way more . If it does the same I know for sure in stocking up
Don't lose hope , it will bounce back 🙌🏼
[ removed ]
Anyone who believes this needs a psych eval ...
If you keep it , it might come back up .
Same
lol I was down 65k yesterday .
I was looking at T . rex
Man I feel you I lost my brother to suicide as well about 9 years ago when I was 14 really shitty situation to be in
It'll come back . Just forget about it until 2029 .
I did the same
Nothing to stress there , give it another year and it will be more than that pretty much guaranteed . Thats not financial advice .
RIP
Being greedy when people are fearful didn ’ t work out there .
takes phat bawlz
I hold and listen to what warren buffet says about being fearful when people are greedy and greedy when people are fearful it ’ s worked for me
LITERALLY
I went from 96 to 35 during this last tech correction and I ’ m wondering if I should just sell to stay ahead or if it ’ s going to all going to go in the red . I ’ m up about 25 percent in NVidia but don ’ t know if I should just hold all of these .
For the next 10 years
How much are you in if you don ’ t mind me asking ? By the way you ’ re not alone . I ’ ve seen quite a few similar posts . It seems the best advice is holding long . I ’ m up but not by much and I don ’ t know if I should sell and rebuy .
NOT making a huge profit is not a very painful experience , compared to losing 100K + , or a substantial % of your capital
I was thinking about him today ! I was shaking my head when I first read what he wrote saying to myself , INTC ? This isn ’ t going to end well . ” … … and it didn ’ t .
Sadly a lot of people have similar stories to ours . But think of how many times you made good decisions . Fact is , looking backwards is only good when the goal is to learn from it . I ’ ve learned , I ’ m long . No matter what . Over time , the markets go up . At least that ’ s what history tells us .
I wasn't that early . I've got 1000 @62 and another thousand in the form of Dec 2026 150 calls . What stinks is that I was just up so much . I've got 1000 AMZN and MSFT with a cost basis on Microsoft at $ 12 . Been holding that one since the 90 ' s . Then a bunch of other semi stuff and other tech . Thankfully also diversified into half long bonds , and some banks .
All those stocks went bankrupt and are gone . Oh you mean the current big guys ? Yeah . I know . Not panicking . Just sad .
Believe what ? You think I would make up such a thing ? I wish you were right . I got cute the first time . Has all my retirement funds in companies like cmgi , sycamore , egghead , juniper , the original Broadcom ( BRCM ) , CSCO , Yahoo , and a host of others . Or is the the financial crisis you think is made up , when my Lehman and GM and WashMu bonds went to zero . Man I would give one of my balls to be lying ... seriously
It ’ s good if it ’ s not true bro ! But if it is , put your arm around that guy and at least listen to him . You aint loosing millions if it ’ s a lie and you still believe him and empathize !
Not how leveraged etfs work lol . They trend lower over time because of fees and volatility drag
Nah , we can invest in something called bull / bear certificates here - it ’ s essentially a warrant with a leverage . Basically it multiplies the stock increase / decrease . Over time the value will be less and less and eventually worthless - unless the stock keeps rising day after day . So , my Bull NVIDIA X10 will 10x any increase - or 10x downwards any decrease . Turned 1k into 15k in March , down to 5k , up to 15k again before the June 22 ( I think it was ) massive dump . From there on it ’ s been a snowball of losses , only offset by small wins - like AMD and Tesla . We ’ ll see how next week plays out .
Goddamn .
Yes it is . There's definitely things you are forced to learn .
10k
they dropped their dividend too right as he bought so its literally as bad as it gets ... bro is cooked
I ’ ve had a similar experience and now I really try and only invest in indexes . The moment I buy a single stock , something goes wrong and it tanks , SNOW , MMM , T , ZIM , NYCB , MPW … all tanked after I bought them . I ’ m transitioning to JEPI , VOO , QQQ , VTI and JAAA . Single stocks are just too stressful to hold for me . Lost 50 % in the dot com bubble too . Also invested in UK stocks while I was living there between 2002 and 2015 . Missed out on a ton of upside with international stocks .
Ignore this kid , I believe your story .
No one old enough to have retirement money during the dot com bubble would say " I'd give my left ball "
How long would you say keeping the leverage etf ?
People say this a lot but I do not buy it . Regardless of the fact that its leveraged , if you buy an asset at 90 , and sell at 105 , 133 or 155 you have made money ? ( rough working below for example but use a backtest and see how it performs over the long run with DCA ) If I buy a leveraged etf of SPY around December 2021 ( local top ) , then average down for the next year and a half and get a cost basis close to 90 ( top was \ ~ 147 bottom was \ ~ 49 so being somewhat conservative and picking a bad time to start ) and then I decide to sell at any of the local highs over the past 8 months ( so either 105 december 2023 , or 133 in march or 155 this last run in June ) - how do you lose money from fees and volatility drag ? The fees are baked into the price of the asset and whatever volatility drag in the downward direction has been outpaced by the volatility drag in the upward direction .
3 days ago I was up $ 35k so it ’ s swings and roundabouts .
Man , the kid got double tapped . A very hard life lesson but he needs to learn the word diversify and you never go all in when you clearly know nothing about the stock market .
Does that mean I'm you get than I think ? I'll have to tell the people in the old people advice thread . By that bubble I was 40 . I've got ulcers old enough to remember the 2008 crash .
I think its better to time your sell based off strict price levels or price action then a set time period as they are extremely volatile so profit that is there 1 year from now may not be there 1.5 years from now .
See my reply above . I ’ m investing in derivatives .
No one believes you . Even your handelname screams teenage boy
Okay , that makes sense ! Thank you !
Actually I shouldn ’ t call it investing . I ’ m gambling .
lol . Love it . Thanks so much . I'm honored ! My 35 year old son would get a kick out of it . Of course what nobody takes the time to do is look at the post history .
happy trading
I ’ ve learned that even when the price goes down , if I remain calm , my shares remain safe in my account . So the only way I can lose is by my own hand .
Wtf nvda broke Reddit ...
Every person in this subreddit excited like a kid on Christmas !
So basically , Nvidia is priced to perfection at the moment , and it would take something fantastic to cause it to rally ( Blackwell ) . This ER was pretty much priced in already , so the expectation must have really been well over 30B in revenue . If you're looking for growth with this stock , you better be long-term .
This gap down should get bought back up over the next couple of weeks . $ 50B share buy-back approved almost guarantees upward pressure . See AAPL last May earnings when they approve $ 110B in buy-backs . The share price on May 3rd after ER was in the $ 180s . Since then , it's gone up to $ 226 , about a 25 % increase in 3 months . If you're in long NVDA , this is a dip . If you have August 30 calls , unfortunately I think the rise only starts next week when MM's maximize premiums paid . All in all , this was a good quarter .
I hope it's going to be good . I'm with Aunt Nancy on NVDA .
Did you ever notice how Jensen never talked up SMCI . Always focused on Dell and HP . I think he knew something shady was going on
Comfy holding and waiting
Good earnings , good guidance , but Jensen has a habit of doing an Elon in earnings calls where he just drones on-and-on-and-on . Overall , I though it was good ... but it's selling on the news , oh well . I'll just do the u / TarCress method of " comfy holding and waiting " . 🤷‍♂ ️
Can ’ t even sleep
This is the fucking day
Today's the day !
My 3x nvidia is gonna go ballistic today 🙏
So much fear ahead of earnings . It dipped the same way last time and then rocketed after hours
Incoming ... Leeroy Jensen ! ! ! 🚀 🚀
Hilarious that Reddit goes down right before the ER and comes back right as rain 15 minutes later . Kept retail in the dark
down 10 % with afterhours and during the day combined , ever ytime this happens i go in HEAVY . Ready .
[ deleted ]
I'm new to investing . I can't help myself from constantly checking the NVDA stock today .
Huge barrier at $ 130 . Maybe the earnings report will not be enough to break through .
If it dips below 115 today I ’ m calling the bank and withdrawing my cd to buy more 🤷‍♂ ️ 🤷‍♂ ️
59 mine left ...
[ removed ]
“ The suspense is terrible I hope it'll last . ”
Too many shoe shiners , students yoloing their financial aid and memers piled into this earnings . There was no way the market was going to let retail win .
Please God , let the earnings be good , and make sure that the market doesn't act stupidly 😬
Sorry but people are idiots for dumping this
Happy Quarterly Hookers and Blow Day !
Closed a few of my Aug 30 $ 110C / $ 135C spreads . Took some profits . If we rip tomorrow I make good money , if we dip , I have some cash to buy .
if it rips , I rinse and repeat , if it dips , I will buy more and hold , in jensen and diselcock we trust
[ deleted ]
Gonna throw up 🤢
Now we're jigglin ' .
Don ’ t understand the negative movement after hours if we beat on revenue , EPS , and forward guidance + $ 50B in share buybacks . Does it have to do with Blackwell production in Q4 ? Or were people expecting an even bigger earnings beat ?
30bn revenue , watch and see .
I ’ m gonna buy a redbull sit back and enjoy tonight
Good morning
i bet we open flat back at 125
NVDA hasn't been this low since ... August 15 .
With NVDA , one day you're picking the color of your new Cadillac , and the next day , you're having white bread for lunch . Hopefully , it's the former and not the latter today ...
So it begins ...
What time do the earnings come out ? After market closes ?
Everyone was super bullish yesterday and now everyone is doom posting today . Lmao . Atleast wait until ER is out .
Here we go boys ! Up up and away !
Anyone buy the dip ? No one can stop Jensen . Not even Lisa Su
one more hour
I've been watching most of the day . I had a long work meeting and it was $ 124 before the meeting . The meeting ended and now it's $ 126.37 . LFG ! ! !
just bought more
Was an expected sell the news event . Now may be the time to buy more lol
I don ’ t understand why everyone ’ s panicking ? Those are good earnings
I'm going full degenerate full porting into Nvidia 1dte calls tomorrow . This is ultra bullish . 😅
What can i do if i have many Nvdl shares ? should i wait for a rebound ? Is it safe to hold nvdl for some time ?
yes yess YESSS YESSSSS ! ! ! KEEP GOING UPPPP ! ! ! HHAHHAHAAHH , YESSS WOOOOOH GO UPPPPPPP ! ! ! UPP ! ! ! WAHHAHAA
I'm so convinced this market is BS and does the opposite what you'd expect that if NVDA said something like " welp we're going out of business " the stock would rocket and retail would still get fucked .
the day is here
Who else is awake
9 % swing ! ! " Investors are closely watching * * NVIDIA Corp . * * [ NVDA ] ( https://www.tradingview.com/symbols/NASDAQ-NVDA/ ) as it prepares to release its [ second-quarter earnings report on Wednesday ] ( https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/24/08/40585459/nvidia-stock-q2-earnings-preview-analyst-says-ai-cycle-far-from-over-company-has-fi ) , which could result in a significant market value fluctuation . * * What Happened * * : Nvidia stock might experience a $ 298 billion market value fluctuation following its second-quarter earnings report , according to a Monday note from Goldman Sachs , reported Business Insider . Goldman Sachs ’ trading desk indicated that options pricing data suggests a potential 9 % move in Nvidia stock in either direction . This potential swing is based on the company ’ s $ 3.17 trillion market capitalization . * * Scott Rubner * * , managing director at Goldman Sachs noted that “ the bar for Nvidia this earnings season is a lot lower than it has been in recent quarters , ” due to fundamental selling in the tech sector . Nvidia holds the record for the biggest one-day market value swing at $ 330 billion , which occurred in late July . According to the bank , if Nvidia reports strong growth and forward guidance , it could surprise the stock market and lead to a significant move . “ Can you imagine if NVDA beats expectations on Wednesday ? ” asked Rubner . * * Why It Matters * * : Nvidia ’ s upcoming earnings report is [ crucial for several reasons ] ( https://www.benzinga.com/analyst-ratings/analyst-color/24/08/40585459/nvidia-stock-q2-earnings-preview-analyst-says-ai-cycle-far-from-over-company-has-fi ) . Analysts expect the company to report second-quarter revenue of $ 28.68 billion , a significant increase from $ 13.5 billion in the same quarter last year . Nvidia has consistently beaten revenue estimates in seven of the last eight quarters , showcasing its strong performance . Moreover , Nvidia is positioning itself as a central player in the AI ecosystem , akin to * * Amazon.com Inc . * * in e-commerce . * * Kevin Mahn * * , CIO of * * Hennion & Walsh * * , anticipates that Nvidia will surpass expectations , especially in its data center business , further solidifying its dominance in the AI sector . However , some experts caution that Nvidia ’ s stock might face short-term setbacks . * * Gene Munster * * , managing partner at * * Deepwater Asset Management * * , points to potential supply-demand imbalances and delays in the Blackwell project , which could negatively impact investor sentiment despite the company ’ s long-term growth prospects . Technical analyst * * Carter Braxton Worth * * remains bullish on Nvidia , advising investors to adopt a long-term strategy around the earnings period . He believes the company ’ s stock will continue its upward trajectory based on technical indicators . "
D-day is upon us .
150 day after earning
Why is everyone panicking ? it's trading sideways til earnings are announced . Nothing surprising . [ https://i.imgur.com/wMKG0Sh.png ] ( https://i.imgur.com/wMKG0Sh.png ) it's been doing this for the past few days .
Oh well . Gonna wait for the inevitable bounce back , sell my NVDL , take the L and move on .
Everyone needs to relax a little , tomorrow is a new day .
I listened Jensen ’ s answer again , his speech is so clear that Blackwell will deliver massively in Q4 . Every major cloud businesses use NVDA . F * * k the bears , I ’ m buying more
Ok ... this reddit is literally the most panic driven the world is ending idiots ever ... that is all .
So , back to Wendy's for minimum wage ?
Traders can try to fuck with this stock all they want in the short term , but nothing changes the fundamentals of this earnings report being a beat across the board and exceeding the expectations of the big investors . Therefore I genuinely believe any drop to be very short-lived . All time highs very likely this year .
Jesus christ . What a knee jerk reaction to nothing .
* * * Revenue : * * $ 30.04 billion vs analyst estimates of $ 28.75 billion ( 4.5 % * * beat * * ) * * * Adjusted Operating Income : * * $ 19.94 billion vs analyst estimates of $ 18.9 billion ( 5.5 % * * beat * * ) * * * EPS ( non-GAAP ): * * $ 0.68 vs analyst estimates of $ 0.64 ( 5.7 % * * beat * * ) * * * Revenue Guidance for Q3 CY2024 * * is $ 32.5 billion at the midpoint , * * above analyst estimates * * of $ 31.77 billion * * * Gross Margin ( GAAP ): * * * * 75.1 % , up from 70.1 % in the same quarter last year * * * * * Inventory Days Outstanding : * * 81 , down from 148 in the previous quarter * * ANNNNND announced 50bln buybacks * * So they beat expectations in all of the typical quantifiable metrics , announced large buy backs and sold off . Need DC ( aka Sam W ) to opine on this one !
I bought at $ 850 and it fell to $ 760 not long after . If you bought right before ER , you ’ re now upset of course . Still it ’ s a good stock long term if you hold for a year or two . DCA if you can . Ignore and hold the stock at least until next ER if you can ’ t .
BUCKLE UP ! !
Brace yourselves today people . I ’ m sure I ’ ll be in here plenty more
Red everywhere
I ’ m hoping for the stock to go up but I did sell my positions yesterday . It felt too much like gambling and not really investing . Would be happy to get back in within the next month .
Fucking V . Looks like the leaked ER ia accurate !
Watching Bloomberg Live and it is so funny hearing them riffing about what day it is today ... NVDIA Day , Jensen Day , XMas Day , ... Wednesday !
This is my first time . What just happened ( yes I ’ m aware of most of the stuff that ’ s been talked about )
Well my sept 6 125 calls are toast :(
What time is earnings release
GOOD LUCK today fellow team greeners ! ! ! im super hoping for a good beat of numbers . + 5 % of whispers plus 32bn next qtr guidance would be stellar . then uncle huang goes on air for the ER cal then on bloombie . that said , im not taking big risks . [ I sold my 5000 commons from yesterday ] ( https://i.postimg.cc/2ygcb7MR/IMG-3112.jpg ) in time before that SMCI snafufu 😆 😆 😆 see you guys on the bright side of the moon ! ! ! i ’ ll rebuy again if horroscope ( TA ) shows an entry later today . i want to see a hold of 126.48 and last line if bull defense at 123 .
Can't sleep . Anyone else ?
MM just trying to shake the tree one last time before earnings . Hold strong my friends .
[ deleted ]
results are in ! https://nvidianews.nvidia.com/news/nvidia-announces-financial-results-for-second-quarter-fiscal-2025
Bought another 10 shares . Come get it
whose dumping ?
Someone check my blood pressure
was it also red before earnings the last time ?
123.88 as mentioned , pls hold 😆 [ https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/I9Z9ZqBQ8w ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/I9Z9ZqBQ8w )
We are on this together folks . Will have a drink tonight to either celebrate or to mourn .
Glad I sold 50 % of my position despite this echo chamber of a sub telling me otherwise
Gonna open tomorrow off > 11 % from todays open . A bounce back is almost certain . And another sharp drop . Gonna be like this until Blackwell sales hit and the election is over .
happy either way , down means i buy more lol .
last earnings call someone mentioned a site here that provided live earnings news and sentiment analysis , it was really nice but forgot the name of the site . anyone remembers ?
Bought back my sold calls . Ready to sell more when this rockets after earnings
Is there a sense of how much earnings need to beat expectations by for the stock to go up ? I imagine some level of beating expectations is priced in given their long track record of doing so .
1 hour left and it looks like its popping !
That minus chart of NVDA took the pressure out for me today
The only thing I want from this ER is the announcement that the company is going to be renamed to Envidia in order to better match the phonetics , that in itself would lift the stock price $ 10 .
One more hour
Good earnings report . Bad if you bought options
what are the chances that this all reverses on the earning call ?
Why does the stock dump ? Not as expected earnings ? In Jensen I believe , I ’ m not selling
[ deleted ]
Do you think it will recover tomorrow to 125 ?
Earnings whisper is predicting 0.71
It's like the MM's aren't even listening to the earnings call .
Bought more AH like I said . Had a W at least with CRM . Excellent time to buy and hodl . These results made me feel relieved .
So what's the consensus of what the guidance should be at or above to appease the market gods ?
is anyone buying this slight $ 122 - $ 123 dip or is it too volatile right now to even consider purchasing ?
Place your fucking bets
I have 146 9/13 c lol , I guess it ’ s gg
Wonder how that 5000 share guy fomoing in at 125 is feeling
I told everyone this wasn't going anywhere . Next month is known to be a down month . Nobody's buying until November
Who woulda thunk there'd be an [ NVDA earnings watch party at a NY bar ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=3onWfZK4ETk ) . NVDA keeps killing it and made more profit than last quarter . [ Are you not entertained ? ! ] ( https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=BPNOdkLcL_g )
Why do u guys even check the price hourly . It ’ s a volatile stock of course it ’ s gonna move . Earnings will be good don ’ t stress .
IM LTIERALLY CRYING RIGHT NOW
Could the news on SMCI affect the reaction to Nvidia ‘ s earnings ? https://www.tradingview.com/news/tradingview:bc79ca13a094b:0-smci-super-micro-stock-drops-as-short-seller-hindenburg-flags-shady-accounting/
Last chance to buy ? Was this the ER dump ? Or is more coming in the next days
Wondering if I should convert my NVDL to twice as much NVDA .
Y ’ all are dumb . Thinking earnings was gonna 10x the price in one day .
share price currently sit at 118 , only drop 5 % , not much . the future is bright . 150 in a month or even 160 is possible
Scourge is still predicting 150 EOY after this massive ER sold off . How many people here lost money on unrealistic calls and NVDL just because listen to delusional bols like him ? You should all downvote his comments and posts .
Bears won .
Now 125 broke . My 135P and 140P expiring this week is successful even before ER . That ’ s why you try to time the market . This time is different . Nothing like this on the ER days before .
anyone abandoning their 140 calls with aug 30 expiry ?
can someone smart convince me what ’ s wrong with this strategy ? Im considering a QQQ straddle ? I don ’ t wanna play nvda bc of premium and IV crush , but QQQ maybe a better move ? Looking at weekly 8/ 29 to play earnings movement . Considering ATM both call put 🤔
Pure carnage . I knew I'd happen , I can't even buy more
Looks like it will be a wash from last night with a good report or a $ 114
Last call , all bets on the table
This stock is so much calling for a reverse stock split . Do it ! ! !
Call start now ?
All the delusional NVDA bulls here trying to convince themselves they havent been screwed completely is really something else . 🤣
I need to buy more nvdl at $ 68 . Can anyone help
Everyone talking shit about people buying this stock pre earnings are hom 0s . No one really knows what happens with stock price after these events . You should not shame the rest like you " always knew " . It's ex-post .
I am hoping for great earnings , lower stock price . Buy more and hold for 15 more years .
oh my god ! what is happening ? ? im shaking so bad rn
Oh so were fucked then
I'm invested in NVIDIA I think why it dropped 1 . ER after 5pm . Investors always think something is hidden / bad or not great news 2 . Blackwell ramp up by Q4 projections ... there is still uncertainty / delay ? I think the Blackwell green light would have trumped a slightly bad earnings . Big investors looking ahead / projections . Once we find out the assurance of blackwell production , this stock should hit 200 per . Maybe its also time for NVDIA to try to diversify more . Even if they can't keep pushing the performance envelope quickly ... they can add unique features to ongoing products . Which means start buying out more companies .
Will stock go up or down today .
I ’ m a bull but we are fucked today lol
[ deleted ]
So bears analysis are always right . Thanks for all those early celebrations , and 135-140 bagholders gonna be bagholders forever .
Told you so .
[ deleted ]
People have been bashing me for being a bear on this stock short term . It's going to drop after earnings , and you'll see . You should have sold at 130/128 after the 30 % increase from $ 90 earlier this month .
NVDA is priced to perfection . If the earnings report won't exceed our wildest expectations , the stock price drops .
Now 115 . We were really talking about if 135puts and 140puts gonna be good .
34 minutes until the implosion
NVDA now need to pump 5 % after ER to reach to the price I bought puts on Monday
One more hint why puts at 131 this Monday or last Friday are the better than calls or playing longs is MU . Micron is really an indicator before ER . It dumped like this before its own ER and pumped hard before last two NVDA ERs . When MU dropped from 108 to 93 right before NVDA ER . You know NVDA ER gonna be very bad .
Ya it feels really uncertain right now . Because if it goes down it could keep going down for a cuple weeks or so , back like it did a month ago . It seems like when NVDA drops it takes awhile before it goes back up again . Ever since the stock split it's had trouble breaking 130 resistance level .
Reddit has always been a donkey . Too bad it is one of the few places we can talk about things that matter to us .
Reddit website is 🤪 😳 😱 🤢 🤮
Yeah I ’ m not . I ’ m nervous and stressed
Speak for yourself … I ’ m nervous as hell lol
I'm anxious lol
I ’ m hoping it ’ s gets to 120 soon so I can close out these puts !
Long term you mean . I believe shorts will have some opportunity to make some money .
Movement not done yet . GDP comes out tomorrow premarket . The markets will move on that data drop .
Exactly The earnings excitement ... at this point is like one eating lobster daily ... NVIDIA needs exciting fresh news ... to boost the shareprice . Example Blackwell orders shipped . Then for companies to make noise about it ... for others to envy . Diversification is another boost mechanism . Example if they bought SOUN ... and investors dream about AI potential under NVIDIA hands . Otherwise ... Nvidia stabilizes and turns into APPL ? Tech is a difficult industry . People are initally drunk off the excitement . Then slowly sober up . But more beer won't do much . Need cognac . Or diversify - blaze it up .
Ya this SMCI thing was either a ploy to drop the price so some people could buy like redditors were saying . Or it's something bigger tied to the whole AI industry .
Me , too !
Comfy holding and waiting .
it all just noise in the short term . Much easier to comfy hold and wait with shares for years
Yep , in an earnings call , or an any one of these high pressured situations , always sound slow , deliberate , confident , and get to the point . I am really surprised on how poor of a speaker he really is .
Can't sleep , clowns will eat me .
which way lol
It was off like . 5 % last May . We're off 4 % today .
THIS ! !
Yep , smelled fishy as a whore's # # $ $ y .
I am praying for that too lol
140 call ?
I'm not new to investing . I can't help myself from constantly checking the NVDA stock today .
how are those barriers caused ? what is the reason ? sorry new to stocks
Ya it's either gonna break 130 resistance or go below the 120 support then keep falling daily back like it did a month ago .
🙏🏻
> Too many shoe shiners MFW sitting here shining my shoes while reading the ER ...
Come on man it's a bigger market cap than Google no one gives a shit about retail buyers on this .
I wouldn't count on the second one :)
They will continue to get proven wrong at their expense
the doom / gloomers if it does well always seem to dissapear and come back months later only at the next sign of panic .
Then what about tomorrow close ?
Chill out . Let the sellers be . An hour left and they will all regret it when it rockets .
This is fairly common . Volatility after earnings is fairly typical , especially as the market digests the earnings information . Trust me , the earnings were robust and the long-term investor will be rewarded . The idea is not to think about trading in a timeframe any less than 3-6 months . The Investor has also become excessively demanding of NVDA since the company has set a bar that is so high that it is unprecedented . Imagine your McDonald's fries kept getting bigger every year by 10 % . In 10 years , you will walk into McDonald's and it still won't be big enough .
sell the news event taking place .
Ye they were expecting more
All the price movement before earnings ? That was pricing in THIS earnings .
TOLD YOU SO BITCHES :)
Some are saying $ 32 - $ 33bn
I ’ m gnna decline bench three plates no spot if earnings are bad
Good morning ! ? ! its 9pm here in Vancouver LOL threw me off
I don't . Overnight volume is anemic
That early celebrator has already cancelled his 40 - person barbecue party . And are you even celebrating on a red day ? Did you buy puts ?
Yes
5PM Easter
Ban
Bought @124 with 23000 x5 please let it go high
i am all in
Picked up some small 9/20 calls at 10:18 when it was literally at the bottom , I don't think i've timed a call better ( you know , if it works anyway )
20 more minutes
i searched online i thought it was at 5PM ET ?
It's at 115 now .
Only option traders are panicking . All us long-term holders love the news . I expect 150 by end of year
Well I'm down - $ 75k . I'd rather not be .
Not as good as people are accustomed and really maybe even a bit less than some of the whisper numbers .
Goodbye money
Just hold . All i got is nvdl lol
DCA if you can .
Ur gnna go into depression if earnings are bad 😹 😭
100 % correct . The Market is as emotional as a 25 year old chick during those 5 days while her cat has also died because Elon Musk stepped on it . Intentionally .
Please sell and invest in index funds . You clearly don't have the mind for this .
WE ’ VE BEEN HERE BEFORE
Today we embark on the great crusade
how soon after ER could it spike or drop ? The meeting is so late in the afternoon , would it stop going sideways overnight or tomorrow ? Sorry newby here .
It'll bounce back this week dude
That's why you don't gamble with that crap . There aren't any shortcuts to wealth . Slow and steady and diversify
Truth
Don ’ t be mad bro . People can win on either directions . My NVDA puts and NVD print more than AMD loss today .
That ’ s why I keep talking about being bearish on NVDA but no one is listening to me
double shifts
I'm practicing my best " do you want fries with that ? " now .
I will have a baconator with a side of tissues 😢
Exactly
Take a long tern outlook . In 5 years this will be over $ 200 easy . Just guessing , but I'm 80 % sure
yeah ... I don't get how a great report and + $ 50B in stock buybacks = shit the bed . There is always a chance that this is just after hours maddess and tomorrow rights the ship , if not just another example of " You guessed right , but you are still fucked . "
Not a big enough guidance beat . It was priced beyond perfection . Don ’ t listen to guys drawing random TA named dieselcock . He doesn ’ t know shit like everyone else .
It ’ s a technical beat but all of the beats are not overwhelming beats , hence the beatdown
That all seems great , why no lambo yet
thats a tiny buyback ...
Shitty numbers .
Stock dropped after earnings because this stock isn ’ t allowed to go back to 140
Nah u might be okay
ER 4:15 pm Eastern 8/ 28
1:22 ca 4:22 NY
there is your 126.48 plus minus some change . lets see if it hold here 9.50 am edit : 125.3 is a support level too if 126.48 breaks
Are you Jesus ?
yikes ! could my 122.15 line from yesterday be tested today 😬 😬 [ https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/KfkNkaHQMB ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/s/KfkNkaHQMB )
SMCI ? Snafufu ?
I'm with you . I'm not stressing , but definitely not able to sleep atm . Hope you get some rest before your day starts ✌🏼
You ’ re late to the pack loll
Not me lol
420/69
i just looked at the historical charts , q1 earnings in 2024 . on may 22 , which was the day of the earning reports , nvda opened at $ 95.46 and closed at $ 94.95 , then on may 23 , after the earnings report , it was $ 102.03 .
Yes .
everyone listen to lord u / kaylaks 🙏 🙏 🙏
Yes that ’ s the most likely prediction . sentiment right now is anti ai trade and the nvda result didn ’ t sway this sentiment . Stock will likely drop and then trade sideways until next ER . Might be a good time to swing trade between local highs / lows a bit .
How is it 11 % down ? ...
7 % overnight another 10 % tomorrow during trading taking the whole maket with it
That's how people should think . But remember there's other good companies , not just nvda . Msft lrcx asml lin cost rsg lly isrg ...
Basically as the other person said if the earnings are good but guidance isn ’ t great or as good it ’ s going to tank , essentially both need to be great to not tank this . If there ’ s a few wrong numbers or words said that the market doesn ’ t like , it ’ s going to bomb
Good if you sold options . I ’ m not selling my shares so might as well .
next to none
Two words . Market . Manipulation .
[ deleted ]
Yes . Growth slowed a bit , not a big deal . It doesn't explain it tanking . But god damn Jensen is boring me to death with talking , he cannot get to the point .
GDP number is out in the premarket tomorrow . This will move the markets , NVDA will move with it . Up or down .
Probably in another 5 years
Probably not . Edit : Why am I being downvoted ?
its going back to 100 before it does that , more than likely 90 for months until next earnings ,
Pointless information without source
Guidance is very important on this one .
EPS 0.64 and rev 28B is what I ’ ve heard is adequate to not drop a bunch of
Bought calls at 124 $
I ’ ve been buying periodically today as the dip keeps dipping . Hopefully we bottomed out now . Have another market order ready but it might be pushing my risk tolerance there .. Godspeed everyone .
Got in at 123 . I got one more move left in me let ’ s see how it goes .
rip
Why would he care . Only if he needs the money now , which would be gambling
It ’ s going to be sideways until the next ER , but down first into a trough for support .
Why ? ?
Why would it , they fucked up with filing . It's a management thing . I'm sure NVDA will drop a bit today because of the news because algorithms see bad sentiment on AI news and it triggers a slight sell off in other AI stocks but it shouldnt affect post market earnings .
Please call Jensen and ask him and let us know here .
that ’ s what i ’ ve done but it ’ s been scary so far , hoping it goes well post earnings
We'll see how much it drops when the market opens , but I would not expect 118 to be the bottom . It will probably go lower than that .
I lost gains on long dated 100 strike calls but still ITM . I'll need a turnaround by next earnings . OTOH CSPs helped offset
No they didnt
[ deleted ]
but they say time in market is better ? 😆 🤷‍♂ ️ 😆 ( then they come here sulk even if they say their plan is a 5yr hold )
Rainbow emoji
I was considering selling some on Monday , but couldn't do it . Thinking I'm going to start selling CCs and CS Put pairs post ER though . Until now I've only done CCs , no puts .
Looking at the Qs , you'd need more than a 1.7 % move tomorrow to even make a profit . I don't see that as a better play
Wrong thread mate .
put out your gofundme link
Didn ’ t talk shit but learned a while back to avoid buying ERs . People tend to buy the rumor and sell the news , and what good news at ER is most likely priced in while the downside isn ’ t . So you are really buying for a smaller percentage for a KO while a larger percentage is is for letdown .
sell ya putz
Bears are selling because they predict a negative earnings outcome . Completely expected
just buy the dip and hold , it recovered from 92 to 130 dont be stressed
Says who lmao
You think that Nvidia stock dropped because they announced their earnings at 5pm ? As opposed to when ?
No worries ... Nvidia will be selling an entire data center in a single box . [ https://on.mktw.net/3yL0JzK ] ( https://on.mktw.net/3yL0JzK )
Most certainly . On a serious note , no one but Jensen knows how positive or negative the ER is , but other factors also affect whether share prices move upward or down . If a bunch of heavy hitting investors ( whales ) decide to sell off , they can cause a downturn on a good earnings report . Hope for the best , prepare for the worst .
Yea
I ’ m expecting a massive sell off
Flat today , up big after hours and tomorrow : $ 145
Don ’ t say that
I double dare you to sell
115s … I expect a reversal …
These are actually solid numbers and good earnings . If you think about itn that most revenue of Blackwell will be in October ? Im really happy
My friend this isn ’ t a meme stock
Even a good ER can ’ t recover the loss . Bears already win .
I always think these are sell the news episodes until proven wrong . I sold half my shares at yesterday's peak . I may end up holding the rest of my bags for some time , but i'm comf . with my recent trade .
Why
How do you know ? do you work for Nvidia or ? Just curious .
I keep hearing this , and you realize that NVDIA's products are designed down to the * nanometer . * If there is anyone that I need to trust to achieve perfection I trust in NVDA !
NVDA is not perfect anymore . At the price of 140 , maybe . At the price of 126 , not really .
Soon this will be accurate
Dont buy puts lol
The whole market is down buddy , micron doesn ’ t indicate jackshit
I'm hoping we never see 120 again
Even if Jensen came out coked up and brought the house down , I doubt the price movement would be any different . AH is doing AH things , lower volume high volatility shenanigans by MMs and institutions . This was a good ER with good guidance and once that sinks in and August 30 options get de-hedged and IV crushed , we ’ ll stabilize . My guess is we end the week in the $ 120s . Then the fun begins .
Not sure but ballistic definitely
I am just hoping it stays above 130 lol
People set sell limits . More people are willing to sell at $ 130 than buy .
It ’ s just a classic top signal
$ 98.67
the buy high sell low strategy 💯 . they will buy back once nvda reaches $ 140 + .
Yeah looking like it . Probably temporary though . Glad I have September 20 and 2026 calls
Based on previous rev % from Meta , etc . it's looking 30B + , most important is Blackwell guidance though
🤣 🤣 🤣
💀 😂 😂
You mean anemic ?
About a fourth of the day . Let ’ s see if institutions feel the same tomorrow .
Did he say he had cancelled it ? I'm getting my popcorn ready .
Easter ? Goddammit that's like 9 months ! 😁
Do it
19 minutes
comes out at 4PM ET ? shit lol
How long term are you planning ? Is there a time you ’ d jump ? I ’ ve got a little and I want to hold on for a while .
Slowly ..
i was in depression 40 minutes ago
No thanks
Everything's alright , I'll just say goodnight and show myself to the door .
Almost immediately .
Sideways means the market doesn't know which way to go , as soon as the ER numbers are out it will break out in either direction . I posted this to let the panicking few chill because the movement was within an expected range PRE earnings .
im pretty sure there are algos that scrape from the announcement so it'll move before you even refresh the website
No there will be big movements as soon as the earnings drop if it ’ s either down or up idk but long term today doesn ’ t whirly matter
Immediately .
Yeah , I know .
Why do you care ? I want sales so I can buy more . I hope it crashes to $ 50
It has nothing to do with being angry about performance , its just the whinyness of people on here is absurd .
Not saying your wrong , but 60 % growth in 5 years is 12 % a year ... you'd be better off investing in VOO .
I mean they are at 3t mcap 50b is like peanuts , i would rather have them invest that money in rnd
Because retail doesn't move the markets . Institutions do . And those big players have decided to cash out by using retail as exit liquidity . Retail holding the bags .
Could it go to 140 tomorrow ?
Because when this stock goes down more than 0.10 % it continues to go down 10 %
Why no moon ?
After close , so basically for all intents and purposes , ' tomorrow ' as far as market movement goes
126.48 failed . trying to hold 125.3+ / - some change . failure to hold here , next level to watch is 123.88- 123.99
no but i believe in and use horroscopes on my trades . see how 126.48 held ? 👌 i hope thats the low before er
delayed 10 k filing . look at SMCI dropping 14 % atm
thank you for checking , we just need to wait this out then . i'm holding shares not options so i'm not panicked . these algos dumping 2 hrs before ER , what the hell .
what was the price of nvda the day of the earnings , before and after the release of the earnings report , and what happened a few days after
You have a crystal ball ?
> It doesn't explain it tanking . Maybe its the super large shares outstanding . I don't know anymore
[ deleted ]
Source ? https://www.earningswhispers.com
Earnings whisper is saying . 71 . Let ’ s go ! ! !
[ deleted ]
Maybe he was . Generally it is not wise to buy close to earnings . He could have easily bought it 2 weeks ago at 95 which would have netted him 30 % instead of being pretty big by tomorrow .
Maybe , maybe nor . Might hit 140 again before that . That's where I take profit . , rinse and repeat . I'll buy more 100 or lower
Okay thanks 👍
It will hover around the 115 mark or go even lower until the Options fuckers have their shit expire ... after that it will most likely make the recovery to pre-earnings price .
To be fair , I don ’ t think bears deserve this win . I thought the forward guidances would be 29-30 B . So every time this goes to 130s like 7/11 or recently , I bought NVD or puts . 32.5 B ? TBH , I was worried on the first glance and thought this gonna moon to 140s .
Thanks . NVDA can make you successful on either directions .
Imaging being 135-140 bagholders never get to release their bags . Even if they can release it someday , their gains is no where near my puts .
Yep I decided against it
😂
Start of the day . 9am .
Why is everyone saying this . So cautiously optimistic . They may be good earnings but there might still be a sell off . This has not happened before , what has changed ?
Ever since the stock split it's had trouble breaking 130 resistance level .
I hate to say it but can you blame me ? Look at what ’ s happening MM are restricting the stock and I wouldn ’ t be shocked if it fell 20-30 %
I already did
I legitimately said this stock would drop after earnings , and it will be lower short term . I'm a 15 - year holder of this stock . I'm in it long term . But people can only put rocket ships in this subreddit . Edit : I also suggested that the best thing to happen was a drop after earnings to buy more and was heavily downvoted .
[ deleted ]
We're going to be entering a mild recession , and AI spend is going to slow . The common quip is that people have been saying this for a long time . But once they started hiking rates this aggressively , we were due for one . I've said multiple times wait for late 2024 / early 2025 . Yeah , NVDA may be blip a little , but it will be down with the whole market in about 3 months once the Q3 / 4 results start to be published and unemployment starts rising faster . The Fed has never , ever gotten it right . Why are we going to start believing them now ? Edit : I have a very long NVDA position . So these dips hurt me too .
Look at the craziness around this stock right now . The amount of leverage and memeficiation / gamification even in this sub Reddit . Pretty soon , you'll have a lot of bag holders and people claiming they were always long .
I wish ... part of their literature . [ https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/ampere-architecture/ ] ( https://www.nvidia.com/en-us/data-center/ampere-architecture/ )
To put this in context , their chips are designed down to the 7 - nanometer level , which is about the size of \ ~ 3 strands of DNA or \ ~ 21 gold ATOMS
Bought them on 7/11 last month . And 131 this Monday .
MU was down even when the whole market is up recently . And the market is down today because people are expecting NVDA will guide 28B .
He sounded tired and lost , nowhere close to a good businessman responding to questions . I heard the entire call and I got the impression of someone really tired , which he probably is , and his answers were very aimless . Let ’ s just say that his conference call didn ’ t help any ,
yep , in the same boat as u :) took 10 % profit from yesterday just incase things go tits up before we move either way
That would be fantastic .
Yea slow climb to 150 eoy .
Do you think it can reach 200 by year end ?
[ deleted ]
Imagine losing out on + 20 % gains cuz you were afraid of it tanking
So buy more calls if we ’ re down 50 % tm ? Its gonna be a rough number to see in the morning if this price holds .
If anything expect big institutions to profit take tomorrow . Many of them bought in the 90s during that rout earlier and they would lose to book that profit right now in this dark cloud .
Yes . He must cancel it
18 minutes
I'm buying and holding until life events forces me to sell . 2025 were going to see robotics burst onto the scene . 2026 we'll see larger and faster models . 2027 we may see the first autonomous vehicles . I'm telling you , we will see nonstop innovation in robotics , AI , and biology research .
Oh , it's hilarious . 60 minutes after hours and the fucking panic ! LOL ... whatever . The largest company in the world just beat earnings by a lot and Blackwell is going to start shipping in the near future . Rate of growth deaccelerating a bit , but Blackwell should push that back up . NVDA PE is going to be around \ ~ 30 or so when the market opens .
The market won't go up 12 % a year for the next 5 years . Maybe 5 %
Also , it most likely will double in 5 years . That won't happen in voo
25 % now … 😬 Good thing I ’ m not in SMCI
I understand you're asking a question , but get out of this stock before you lose money . If you want to gamble , go to the casino .
[ removed ]
Thanks , didnt know this website existed , i thought you literally meant ' people are whispering its 0.71 XD
What does this mean in pricing ?
as much NVDA as I'm holding , that's actual measurable money if so !
I don ’ t expect it to jump significantly but if all Ends up good , we can see a great run until September OPEX . By then Gonna trim positions . If it underperforms , guess I ’ ll hodl .
God , dude . Immaturity at its finest .
Easily at $ 95 , lol ? Yeah , really easy . It was violent and pretty brief and fear was strong . Nothing easy about it .
You don't invest money you need within the next 2 years . Most people should be investing for 10 years out at very least
Yup . But I anticipated a no move . There was no way Wallstreet was going to let retail win . We will be back to 125 in less than 2 weeks .
i have a better one , imagine buying AMD at 227 even with a “ 5yr plan to hold ” 😬 is it even worth their stress at this point ?
So 6am pacific time . Makes sense … .
That ’ s what the dinosaurs said when a giant asteroid appeared overhead . The one thing about stocks you can rely on is they often do the opposite of what you think they will .
Pristine , there is a lottt going on right now . I do understand the possibility of not being able to realize that the real world issues and rumors we need clarified and squashed for this quarter are greater than this year's previous quarters . What has changed is ( again ) real issues of a different nature to prior , the accumulation of kids and uneducated , trigger happy investors in NVidia that are willing to sell off with a slight gust of wind , and rumors preached as truths by journalists that want to stir you and I up ( if they feel they can convince us ) . So , this isn't about a change in NVidia's fundamentals as the one all be all source for caution and self awareness / reality checking ourselves . To be overly cautious rewards in dividends upon every success , and eliminates any strong worries when things go south . However , being overly over optimistic in any thing or aspect of life can result in catastrophe . Just a basic example is thinking back to friends of mine ( when we were younger ) always thinking if a girl looked in their direction that they must be the only guy they're looking at , when in reality she's just grinning at a girl friend of hers that's behind him . With this irrational sense of confidence there will be hard learned lessons . These days an over optimistic person can think a woman likes him , walk up to her and compliment her , and the girls these days may call it harassment . You can get yourself in real legal trouble with over optimism , as well as heartache , other forms of let downs , and eventually questioning everything you thought you knew . Remember , you can't hurt yourself by being on defense , cautious and strategic , but over optimism is a recipe for disaster in almost any given scenario of life , and the stock market is the last place for pride / over certainty of your thoughts without reservation for possibly making a bad move . I'm tempted to be more bullish than anyone . I believe we'll easily surpass $ 200 before Jan 1st , but I can't rely on that . It's my ego talking , telling me I know what's going to happen when everyone else doesn't . Being aware of our egos creates rational thinking . Denying it will only do the opposite .
We will be up after 5pm today :)
Ouch
Sometimes it's not what you say but how you say it .
My friend we ’ ve seen this stock go up 7 percent in a day . Share price went from 95 back to 130 in a few weeks . Who ’ s losing sleep about 10 percent if you plan to be invested for 10 + years ?
The leverage is by the market makers . What happened last election cycle ? The MM had made their money and wanted to create a hardship for the economy to give a talking point to the politicos . Everyone has a play on this stock . But the reality is the retail side is dwarfed by the big money . It's class warfare .
The semiconductor market is down because super micro computers committed fraud . What are you saying brotha 😹 ☠ ️
I mean , I don ’ t disagree with you . He did sound bland . But I just think that ’ s his personality , he gets hard-ons for the tech which doesn ’ t always mean much for the Wall Street crowd . And keep in mind , this is a financial earnings call , not really his playground . Even in his own GTC conference back in the spring , he wasn ’ t exactly Steve Jobs . I remember being very underwhelmed at his keynote speech . Having said that , I ’ m pretty sure Wall Street also knows this and aren ’ t expecting anything different from him . You ’ re right , didn ’ t help today , but I think the only thing that would ’ ve prevent tonight ’ s drop would ’ ve been for him to announce 2x guidance .
They just beat earnings and are down 7 % AH . Why on God's green earth do you think it will go up almost 100 % in 4 months ? It has barely touched $ 130 in months .
No , 150 is a possibility . Read that again . POSSIBILITY .
No . Time to get used to 15-25 % growth per year .
I would say no . We ’ re heading into a recession and there will just be too many many macro headwinds to let any company go to 5 trillionish market cap unless nvda somehow simultaneously cures cancer and solves homelessness at the same time .
My cash is always doing something . I don't leave it in accounts that don't accumulate interest .
I've held through every earnings since 2017 but this one seems especially suspenseful
Hard to say , still a bit more to learn from Jensen ’ s Bloomberg interview and research a bit more about the market reaction . I think buying ITM leaps is usually a safer bet
So 20 % down like SMCI ?
15 min
+ 1 . Also the charts are public information .
EPS of . 71 SHOULD translate to an enormous boost in the share price ... like 10 % or more . But this is the financial markets which are famously rational and predictable in their response to new information .
Everything is a function of price and value . At 95 nvda is a no brainer . At 130 , it ’ s a bit of a stretch . at 95 i would buy hand over fist .
That ’ s one way to invest . I do that a lot as well . However , it ’ s hard enough to gauge things at 2 months for the economy or the world or the Market , so 2 years can be a goal , but not necessarily . If you see a storm coming you can certainly bail and book profits .
I agree , lots of rumours being spread as truths . Best way to deal with it is to have conviction and stand your ground rather than day trade this stock .
Thanks for the explanation .
We will see hopefully we up 29 %
Your holding stock or options ?
If you say anything negative about the stock price , you get downvoted . Try it .
Come back to our conversation when NVDA guide 28B in 4 hours . You will admire me
Well , maybe you are right , he is a techie at heart , but remember , this is the CEO of a mega corporation , so his major hat is that of a businessman , whether he likes it or not . and being one means he must be good at presentations , selling , convincing others of his aims / goals , and appearing confident and powerful while he is at it . Maybe in the past nvda ’ s knockout numbers masked this deficiency , but in situations like these personal charisma and magnetism could well prove to be a balancing force . I was on the earnings call for the entirety and honestly I felt very , very underwhelmed by him .
The demand for Blackwell is crazy , AI is the future , OpenAI is valued at 100B , driverless cars are here etc etc
Why do you think we ’ re heading into a recession ? Isn ’ t a soft landing guaranteed ?
Explain why
Could be the floor , yes . sentiment is negative from this . maybe not as bad as smci but people are disappointed . i sold at the onset of the fall and with ample cash will aim to buy back in at a lower price . I think next quarter will be better and may jumpstart again but until then nvda is probably going to be dead money
Nope
8
You can , but that's usually doesn't work out the way you think it will . Timing the market is hard . I've been anywhere from 10 % to 50 % cash at all times over the last 5 years and only have gone up 58 % because of it .
It will be more like 11 percent
RemindMe ! 5 hours
Hi
Those things aren't going to materialize in the next 4 months . Driveless cars have been around for years and FSD still hasn't been fully solved . AI is the future , I agree , but it's a long way from what people actually imagine it to be . Just now I asked chatgpt how many days Nvidia has been above $ 130 pre-split and it couldn't give me an answer .
A lot of earnings reports like home depot and lowes talked about a weaker consumer plus walmart and tj max are up meaning people are being more thrifty . They ’ ve also been cooking the jobs report where we really had 818k less jobs than was reported . The fed will cut too late and too little to make an immediate impact to stop what ’ s already in motion for having interest rates elevated for so long .
Because the expectation of them beating earnings is priced in . They need to blow away earnings
[ removed ]
We are not talking about timing the market per se . we are talking about trying to see the general pattern and form an approach . For example , when covid first happened , i immediately sold all went into all cash started buying back after about 3-4 months and make a long term killing . Wouldn ’ t have helped to hold through those 4 months only to end up at the same point and I needed up making profit x 2 . when you invest you can ’ t time the market per se like what day traders try to do but it is hard to deny that the current atmosphere for nvda and AI is simply unfavorable at th moment . since the end of June nvda has been on the jitters and people have been looking for all kinds of excuses to dump it , and all kinds of questions are being thrown at AI for their ROI and long term viability . And with their slightly underwhelming report this time there is no further catalyst to negate the negative sentiment until some kind of big news happens or the next ER . This is when it might be rotate the money elsewhere unless you are content to let the money sit and hope it works well . One great example i always cite is BABA . Always cited for being a great business and cheap , look how that has turned out . I sold it at 230 when it had a dead cat bounce for a small profit and never looked back .
That ’ s the implied move but I expect it to break past 9-11 % implied either way
I will be messaging you in 5 hours on [ * * 2024-08- 28 21:29 : 26 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-08-28%2021:29:26%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f30ywm/daily_chat_thread_and_discussion/lkd4iwr/?context=3 ) [ * * CLICK THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f30ywm%2Fdaily_chat_thread_and_discussion%2Flkd4iwr%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-08-28%2021%3A29%3A26%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f30ywm ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Okay :( Thanks for the explanation . What do you think is the fair value of NVDA right now ?
Such a disgusting stock … now I understand why Warren Buffet doesn ’ t invest in this
thats the call , not the report
It's been proven that you cannot successfully jump in and out of sectors . Even the money managers you see on cnbc don't successfully beat the market after 5 years or so . They get paid to " manage " peoples money . If you think you can successfully jump in and out of sectors , have at it . You're better off just diversifying and adding on major dips in those stocks or just indexing . You cannot time what nvda is going to do short tern . You think you can , but you won't be successfull at it .
I don ’ t want to put a value on the stock but you ’ ll be fine if you just hold it so don ’ t worry if you don ’ t need the money . It will go up over time for sure bc it ’ s a quality company with an in demand product . This stock is volatile and it would not surprise me if they sell this thing back into the 90s like they did at the beginning of the month . Just be patient and buy more if that ’ s the case .
I never said i was ‘ timing the market . ’ However if you see a storm brewing you ’ d be a fool to stand in the rain and think that ’ s the smart thing to do . And yes i have good success doing what i do . Not timing but not sitting by passively either . In the short run NVDA ’ s report basically has removed the accelerator for the time being . unless some sort of strong catalyst comes by it ’ s under a cloud . SMCI ‘ s situation doesn ’ t help much either . I simply took the profits i had , protected it against possible future loss , and will sit on the sidelines eithe waiting for a better re-entry point or maybe deploy it to other opportunies i see it . Tomorrow could be either green or red , but right now I feel a strong negative sentiment with all things AI and NVDA ’ s extreme volatility lately doesn ’ t portend Well . i only wish i had sold yesterday at this time instead of hoping it gave an excellent beat .
Hope it drives the stock market
' It's time to cut interest rates ' and ' interest rates have been cut ' are 2 different things . Edit : 1 -> 2
Its a good statement , positive tone but neutral enough so they keep their options open
that was underwhelming
Doesn't mean that they will cut the rates in Sept .
ATH before earnings ?
misleading title " The time has come for policy to adjust . The direction of travel is clear , and the timing and pace of rate cuts will depend on incoming data , the evolving outlook , and the balance of risks . "
If the fed is indeed pivoting , then this is the moment some of us gold / silver people have been waiting for . If you have made a killing on this stock , consider locking some of your profits down in gold / silver . Like 5 percent , nothing big . When the Fed really changes interest rates , precious metals are going to enter a decade long bull run . I hold , VOO , VTI , VXUS , NVDA and precious metals ... Maybe a little KO stock too . I'm a newbie , please don't hate me too much for this suggestion .
The real question is how will this impact the job market and how soon
There must be an election coming up
Buy tnxp now
[ deleted ]
Lower rates really don ’ t influence Nvidia like it influences small cap . It ’ s not good news for Nvidia .
Welp , guess we ’ ll see on Sept 18th … However its not about if they cut rates BUT how much .
I too have kept my options open . On IWM
No he hasn ’ t … He ’ s always said let ’ s see what the inflation data is and how the economy performs ( jobs ) . Its all the fake experts who ’ s been screaming for a rate cut ( including myself ) the past 3 month after the EU and other central banks cut rates .
They will cut only . 25 . If they do more will signal weakness and everything will come down
[ deleted ]
Pfft , . 25 won ’ t even make a dent . They ’ ve already raised rates by over 5 % the past 2-3 years and we ’ re already at a 20 + year high . Half point min BUT in all seriousness and more importantly my portfolio … A whole point cut is needed or better yet , let ’ s make some serious money and burn this bitch down with a 2 point cut . 🤣
Indicating it and saying it are two vastly different things , especially in this context .
He ’ s never given the go-ahead for rate cuts … He talks about cuts as that ’ s what people want to know every time the FOMC meet . He ’ s always been steadfast at wanting to see inflation go below 3 % before considering rate cut . Also , you do realize when he talks about normalizing “ policy ” , that means no more crazy rate cuts whenever to just boost the stock market like Trump did before covid and the days of almost zero interest rates is over ? Low to zero interest rates were rolled out to fix the financial crises and not meant to be a permanent solution anytime theres a small fear of a recession .
Yeah . I agree . But the fed has an agenda and they have to follow it . They will start cutting rates aggressively once it hits the fan though . When unemployment starts rising like crazy to 6 % + lol
Thanks for posting norcalnatv ... this is really interesting from a couple of standpoints . 1 . The private / public partnership helps cement ( in my mind anyway ) the leadership position that Nvidia is growing not just in the chip space , but the AI space . Kind of like ( if my memory serves ) that apple was giving computers to schools ... it builds the user base , brand recognition , and furthers the overall industry . 2 . The fact that GN ( rightly ) calls out that he doesn't want to cede the space to others ... I think is meaningful . Like him or not , he is a leader in his party and appears to see the danger in layering in bureaucratic oversight .
great idea . back in the day , this is what we used to do: Grow our own
If you go back in time , there has always been a complaint students / workers weren't coming out of the education system with enough technical knowledge for the industries young people are serving . In this case , with broad changes expected from AI , I think this makes a ton of sense . ( but it's also self serving )
$ 102 ... $ 105 ... even at $ 110 this stock is a good buy .. in a few months you will make at least 20 % extra ...
Time to BUY ! !
it already dipped down to 90 ... so , folks missed a great opportunity . who knows , we may see the low 100 ' s again but it'll follow the pattern of initial dip and then over next several weeks going higher . if they blow out revenue and have continuing outlook , then it'll drive higher immediately . Imagine what would happen if they hit 83-85 B , increase buyback by $ 50B , and a positive outlook - slightly increasing their revenue projections . Or even that they have gotten back on track with Blackwell dates . would not need very much good , positive info to drive higher .
90-100 range
With the volatility in the options today , if you're thinking bullish , a good move is to sell a cash secured put . The price is insane , so for example , as I am typing this , you could sell a AUG 30 $ 125 put for $ 5.75 . That would mean , if assigned , you are effectively buying below $ 120 . If it doesn't dip that low at Fridays close , then you pocket $ 575 for every put you sell .
I would buy even up to 120 . Nvda going to 140-200 soon
As close to $ 120 as possible
Ready to buy another 300 shares . Prob buy 100 today if it keeps dropping . Currently 125 and falling .
I ’ m buying at market open today and tomorrow and Friday . Price doesn ’ t matter since I ’ m investing for long-term .
Are we tanking right now because big guys are not sure and taking profits before earnings just in case ? ?
Below $ 105 is when I'll consider ; < 102 I'll likely nibble ; < 94 I'll consider another sizable buy - but it is already my largest position and I'd prefer to grow other holdings . I will take advantage of a massive fall .
Well there was a correction today and is climbing again so I will just hold to what I got and hope for the best good luck .
Max pain has NVDA going to $ 57 in January
I bought more today at 125
There was $ 90 - $ 95 . Did you buy that ? If not , then irrelevant whatever you post from here .
69.69
If it gets down to 105 I'll buy £ 1500 more . Then down to £ 95 another £ 1500
I buy every monday and tuesday . Nothing more to buy this week .
I expect a $ 5 trillion mc before 2027 , so I ’ m buying at all current prices .
Right now I'm just buying stock to trade . The extra is gone at the earnings pop .
any price really
Got my bi-weekly Roth IRA deposit in . Good for 8 more shares of NVDA . LFG .
I'm thinking of there is a 3 % drop . I will jump in and buy 500 .
84 $
Two corrections in one year ... Hmm . Idk
I'm afraid earnings are not going to be a smash hit ( I actually think some info may have already been leaked ) and a somewhat big correction is due , 80-90 will be may accumulation range . In any case , be safe out there .
To suggest it would dip this low prior to earnings in a day would mean a 20 % drop in a mega cap stock .
Did not miss that opportunity .
Def my range as well
Ha !
Same . I still think with the high unemployment readings it doesn't make sense why the market has gone up the past month .
big puts at 119 and 120 , interesting
lol scamvidia is more likely to go to 80-90 .
Sometimes a stock is overvalued . I suggest you always consider the price when you are buying any stock .
dieselcock said yesterday the best time to buy was during corrections
no , big guys are trying to scare as many people as possible into selling so they can get a few more shares on sale before earnings report
Welp you might regret if it drops a lot
stop smoking
LFG !
You had 5 % drop there for only a minute , hope you bought
🫡
There's no way in the world that it will go down that far
You know someone knows what they ’ re talking about when they put the currency symbol after the numeral
If that was true then this thing would be at 115 right now I'm guessing .
I am not suggesting such a drop . I am merely responding to OP's question . I am long on this stock and have about $ 60K invested between NVDA and NVDL . So of course , I would not want it to drop at all .
Our models show an extreme negative confidence on this stock - the lowest in the S & P 500 right now . I bought back my 118 puts and made 50 % on them . I think there's a 75 % chance of a major crash , a lesser chance of a small crash , and maybe a 10 % chance of a large gain , because sometimes deep learning models can confuse volatility and directionality . The last time this happened , I posted in this subreddit and the post was downvoted to at least - 5 - and then the stock crashed from 140 all the way down to 120 within a day or two .
Yes it does , rate cuts expected
y u even here dawg
This one isnt however
Timing the market for a correction can take a year or more . Imagine the stock goes up dramatically during that time you are waiting for a correction ? That is return you lose . " Oh but what if the market goes down after I buy " Then you buy more at the correction to dollar cost average . The thing is that time in the market is alwats better than timing the market when you invest long term . Timing the market is more usefull for options , wish is generally a short term gamble .
Timing the market for a correction can take a year or more . Imagine the stock goes up dramatically during that time you are waiting for a correction ? That is return you lose . " Oh but what if the market goes down after I buy " Then you buy more at the correction to dollar cost average . The thing is that time in the market is alwats better than timing the market when you invest long term . Timing the market is more usefull for options , wish is generally a short term gamble .
And now what ... ?
Maybe , but there's still no more cash this week and I have some shares that are 7 years old so whatever drop today / tomorrow isn't going to go that low anyway . When you buy every week , intraday fluctuations don't really matter as much .
[ deleted ]
Ya I've noticed that ever since the stock split it's had trouble breaking 130 resistance level .
RemindMe ! Three years
Bought at 4 % dip .
Says who ?
3 more downvotes to reach - 5 … who ’ s with me ! 😅
What about the fact that some rate cuts coincide with recessions though . Like in 08 and 2020 they cut rates to stimulate the economy from being so bad . I saw a youtube video where someone was saying because of that reason rate cuts aren't always good .
to troll you cry babies
There are always opportunities in the market , NVDA is great , but you don't gotta be tied to one stock .
Makes sense . I ’ m heavy in cash so deploying new $ every month .
As they say , Time In the Market > Timing the Market
There was a correction 2 weeks ago
i thought that was true but that doesnt seem like the case for nvda
just wait homie
Alrighty then
5 years is not a bad shout . By then I would probably be in some company that creates flying cars
I will be messaging you in 3 years on [ * * 2027-08- 28 15:43 : 40 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2027-08-28%2015:43:40%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f39w4p/if_there_is_a_dip_before_earnings_what_is_your/lkcvm7i/?context=3 ) [ * * 3 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f39w4p%2Fif_there_is_a_dip_before_earnings_what_is_your%2Flkcvm7i%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202027-08-28%2015%3A43%3A40%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f39w4p ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
Not all heroes wear capes
Says logic . It barely got to 84 during the massive market sell off . How would it get it 84 today 😂
I want to post here to archive that this is the second time I made a post in this subreddit immediately before an nVidia crash . Both times were hugely downvoted . I earned $ 8,000 on the first downvoted post , and $ 46,000 on this prediction . Please downvote future posts so I can continue to double down depending on how many downvotes there are . Better yet , please buy the stock when our models are showing these negative confidences so I can buy puts .
Rate cuts can cause inflation
That ’ s not really new information though , but the reality is we just don ’ t know . There is historical precedent for both resolutions : 1 . high interest rates cutting off economic growth , increasing unemployment , and causing a recession 2 . The Fed is able to engineer a “ soft landing ” whereby unemployment tapers off , but doesn ’ t flare up suddenly , inflation cools , and the rate cuts are simply used to normalize the economic environment and ensure a floor for unemployment and avoid a recession . This “ Goldilocks ” scenario is rarer than the former , but not out of the realm of possibility . Simply tying rate cuts to a bad indicator is way too simplistic of a view , it ’ s all about the severity of worsening economic dynamics and whether that causes us to essentially drop under the water line ( recession ) vs cruise above it before lower rates start to have a positive effect . The honest reality for everyone involved , every person on financial tv , YouTube , analyst , hedge fund manager , etc is we all have no idea , and we ’ re all in the same boat right now waiting on more data to be able to make an accurate call .
not sure who you callin a crybaby or think u trolling 😂 i been holding for close to 4 years now and not crying about shit . ur the only one here that seems to be sad and insecure 😂 😂
Correct . But you also do not time the market for other good stocks unless you are doing short term trades .
And ? That does not mean anything .
Why you say that it does not seem the case ? Nvidia had crazy returns these past years .
Logic doesn ’ t apply to this stock
Good on you for making money because some will make money when others lose money . That ’ s a market fundamental Personally I didn ’ t lose anything because I haven ’ t sold and I have a relatively low basis so I ’ m still up 97 % in one holding and 203 % in another holding . But I find it funny if you really think that comments by regards have any influence on the stock ’ s price or movement .
good for you
Agreed . But I'm a hypocrite who used to be full port into NVDA . Been trimming as it met or surpassed 130
It does if you snapped it up
There ’ s lack of logic and then there is fantasy .
Yes
Ya asking in the church if you should be religious ?
Is it too late to sell nvidia stock ?
Yes , too late for the moment . Try tomorrow morning in pre-market hours . That said , slightly more detail on why you want to buy the stock , how long do you want to hold , & why you think it ’ s worth or not would be needed to provide meaningful advice .
I just bought $ 10k worth today . 79 shares .
I bought 337 shares today at 124.69
Probly best time is right now … but that is your call . No guarantees , but typically the price right before earnings is the lowest you see over the next qtr after earnings .
I am Futureman , a time traveler from ten years in the future . I obtained a time Machine and travelled back in time with the aim of purchasing Nvidia for the ridiculously low price of $ 200 . It seems I overshot and arrived a year too early . In my time , Nvidia is worth more than the entire world economy . Jensen Huang is building a replica of the Death Star just for fun , to spite Elon Musk . So no , it's not too late to buy Nvidia
Yeah it ’ s too late no longer buyable . Sorry you missed it . You ’ ll have to catch the next one . No it is not too late . Buy and hold forever and you will be fine .
It should move 10 % up or down Put in 50 % of what your willing ... if it dips buy in again if it goes up your up
Yes , the market is closed . I ’ m going to bed wake me up Wednesday morning please
It's too late in 48 hours
I ’ m selling 5 calls at $ 88 that expire Friday . If they ’ re exercised , I ’ m still buying back in immediately when it dips . I think it ’ s trading at a discount . Never mind they downgraded its value at $ 105 this month .
Yes
I just bought 44 shares more yesterday at around 113.6 X euros ( 132 shares total , average price is around the same ) , I believe in the long term . Wins are wins
For the short term , probably . It won ’ t grow dramatically over the next 6 months . Might actually fall . You ’ re better off investing in an index ETF for more stable returns . For the long term ( 2-5 years ) , definitely a good growth stock . There ’ s a lot of hot air around AI . More recent surveys show consumers are LESS likely to buy something if it mentions AI . From a creative standpoint , it ’ s cool . But its uses are limited otherwise . Most tech companies who are investing in it have yet to find profitable outlets for their research . Nvidia produces the hardware for these AI engines . The best metaphor I ’ ve heard was they are essentially selling shovels and pickaxes during a gold rush .
Here we go again xd
I'm all in . Invested 160k recently so I'm currently breaking even on Nvidia . Have 30k on the side lines ready to be dispatched .
Late for today , Early for tomorrow
You trying to make 100 bucks or what ? 🤣 🤣
yes and no .
The pre earnings run up was a bit subdued , due to events that are not directly related . If there ’ s no run up the chances of a big reaction on their results will be historical and prolly all over the news , that ’ s when FOMO kicks in
Do you think it will continue to rise in the future ? If you do buy more .
If it ’ s not questions about whether or not said person should buy or sell Nvidia , it ’ s questions about predicting the price movement . This sub is regarded as fuck . If you need to ask people , if you should buy or not , then don ’ t invest in stocks at all .
Here for the comments 🍿
Where were you when it was $ 100 + / - 5
Yes , if you are just thinking of timing the market . Very very dangerous . Buy after the earnings . At this point , it ’ s sheer gambling .
Bought 50 shares today . I believe in it longer term so I ’ m not worried
No earnings haven ’ t hit yet
bro 😭 you can buy whatever you want whenever you want , just make sure your goals are aligned . short term ; earnings report is wednesday and price could drop . long term ; you buy shares now and next whenever you can afford them and repeat for 10 years giving you more time for nvda to succeed
You should ask yourself why you want to buy and why now and why NVDA and then ask how long you are going to hold and what will your exit plan be . No one can answer your poorly worded question .
why now , and not earlier in the month . Why now and not at the beginning of the year . Why now and not all of last year ?
It might pull a $ googl and drop even on a beat
did you want to buy it before it goes up , or before it goes down ? missed the boat for the former , but perfect timing for the latter
Buy before earnings
It's worth it , but I'd try and build a time machine and get in early if I were you
It's 6:44 here
Wait for the dip in september / October and save some extra money to increase position
Depend on how long you want to hold my guy
I give you permission
These posts are pure amateur hour
Is the pope Catholic ? ?
is it too late to buy ? will nvda go up again ? should i buy more or wait ? should i DCA ? where will nvda stock go eoy ? will nvda go down ? 😂 😂 😂 i am legit losing brain cells in this sub 😂
I ’ d hold off for now . Street not moving this stock at all and they announce earnings tomorrow . They will beat but IMO the market knocks it down .
No . You can buy as much as you want
I have 45 shares @ $ 116 … if it hits $ 150 tomorrow , I may sell to pay off a couple of bills … I ’ ll jump back in around the holidays when I get my work bonus
No .
Look at the depth chart , there seem to be a few people still buying
keep waiting buddy , wait until it reaches 900 per share and then buy
I just grabbed 50 more on the dip this morning . I'm very proud of my restraint . Because I wrote the first ticket for 500 . $ 124.65 was just too low not to buy at least something .
Some days it ’ s green and on the other days it is red . it goes up takes a look around and goes back down . Sometimes it goes from red to green if you know what I mean ? flip a coin Heads you buy more and tails you accumulate more shares . That way you can not lose 👀
Just wait for the dip big fella
10 percent tomorrow !
Shouldn ’ t this even be a question with their massive revenue and profit margin . No wonder it is called “ stock of the decade ” by various financial institutions
It ’ s never too late , every day is a good day to buy and hold . We aren ’ t all equal , we don ’ t always have cash to invest or a lot of it , so we all do the best we can with what we have . What matters is growth .
It's too late .
Depends on if you are trying to pay for gas or a house !
It is still a buy stock . Another up vote can come with a dividend to 1 %
" The best time to invest was yesterday , the second-best time is now . "
It ’ s never too late to buy but late to sell is so much harder than you would think ! Especially , Blowout Earnings and the brightest future on the Planet ? that ’ s where I struggle
Oh yeah it ’ s definitely not worth it . Probably never going up another penny in the history of the world . Smart move . You should naked short the stock if anything
It's too early , you should buy if / when the stock hits $ 150 - that's where the gains are !
I ’ ve been adding more at 125 over the past few days when it hits there
You need to buy as much as you can get or you will regret it the rest of your life . Worth it NOW ? ? ? Keep buying and tell me in 5 years if it was worth it . Don ’ t be a Nar-Tard .
I don ’ t think it ’ s too late if you ’ re looking long . I bought apple in 2014 after a 7 for 1 split and I ’ m up 672.10 % :)
No sir ...
Yeah it's too late bro You will never make a profit on Nvidia for the rest of your life
But buy buy Then sell because it ’ s going to even out down Friday
My god ... how dumb can some one be ? Dude , stop reddit for these questions , read books and learn how to find out when is a good time to buy / sell . Reddit is probably the worst place to get an answer .
If you're asking a bunch of strangers how you should spend your money to invest , maybe inventing isn't for you and you should stick to saving bonds .
It ’ s only too late if you sold
Take this award , what an amazing reply .
You know what bears do in the woods ?
Pascal's wager
I will buy all your shares for $ 80 a share
Ya the deadline expired
Yes , you can only buy from now on .
Depends how big is your bag ;-)
No it isn't too late .
[ deleted ]
Nice hopefully we see a jump after earnings
I bought the exact same amount of shares with the same $ .
That ’ s me after earnings this week , lol , to the moon , friend !
Nice ! Congratulations ! Now let's hold them 👈 😎 👈
Intel still sub 20 in a decade huh ...
would be better to take some bitcoins at $ 1 , no ?
I work for tech , we are knee deep in AI .. own private servers , entire data center etc .. he is right about the part where companies have yet to find a way to make real profits from AI , and I am not talking about those scammers who make a ChatGPT wrapper and sell it using pyramid scheme marketing , I mean real enterprise .. those who purchased GPUs for hundreds of thousands of euros and we developers just build projects around them trying to put together a profitable product to justify the investment
😂
Hide from orange vests
Easy anyone on this sub will buy all of his NVDA for that price , but since everyone here is so bullish on NVDA right now .. would you buy all of this shares for $ 130 a share ? I won ’ t
🤣
Definitely not . Earnings will either raise or lower around 10-12 % is what is expected from what I ’ ve read . If you ’ re here to gamble then make your bet . If you ’ re here to invest for the long term then jump on board & ride this train with the rest of us
You like me , purchased at the high of the hype ( I bought in at an average of 124 € per share ) , in this case only a big volume will make a difference .. if you have 10K shares at $ 126 per share and it ends up to go to $ 140 per share you made a nice sum , still not a pile , but good gains .. if you have just a few hundreds of shares it ’ s a waste of your resources , that is of course my opinion
If you believe in it , buy it ... helps someone get rid of theirs . Buy high , sell low is the moto , right ?
Intel ? What's that ?
In my timeline , bitcoins have no value , and we put them in piñatas for little kids birthday parties . Seems the kids prefer candy over bitcoin . The Nvidia Deathstsr 2000 GPU's became so powerful that the were able to spit bitcoins out like pennies , so they no longer had value .
You mean the drug discoveries done by meta or the use of alphafold in chemistry ?
it ’ s an arms race to develop the best models before someone else does it . For now , whether or not there are consumer or institutional use case is not relevant to the revenues NVDA can rake in . Tech , as I understand it , is a catch-all . Which area of tech are you in ? Consumer software ? Robotics ? Or others .
Hey man just tryina help
130.00 will be cheap when it ’ s $ 200 eow ! Just wait until you hear about the Sovereign A / I in which they are buying more than all the others combined ! HELLO Then he will talk about his A team of Scientists are leading the way in A / I 2.0 Quantum computing , this is the stage where the massive layoffs begin even though they have already started big . The general public will get the memo soon enough . say 100 person team will produce the same if not more with 10-15 ? max … The job killer stage . 2015 Is when I boarded this Rocket Ship and never been so high net worth in my life . I stick with the Godfather of A / I as he is the BEST OF ALL OF THEM ! A CEO driven by his passion will not lose . Others sure can make their own chips but it took a decade to invent ! ! ! No Chance for anyone else ! Locked up by Nvidia . Apple is so detached from reality they said we don ’ t need Nvidia ! We are using Google the company that is spending billions on Nvidia chips . So , they desperately need Nvidia 😂 😂 😂 🍆 💦 🏄🏼‍♂ ️
[ deleted ]
How would it be a waste ?
Penny stock ...
I will try to explain , after the first few waves of orders which were huge and very significant , the future of revenue depends on more orders .. if big corporations are unable to find a way to make a very healthy ROI on the very expensive hardware they purchased , the volume of orders will be significantly reduced or companies will stop the splurging and that is when you can no longer sell your product for „ any price “ you desire . I work with models daily , they are not mine , but just for comparing , take a closed source model such as GPT 4o , how many params do you think it have ? Any idea how much power is needed to provide half decent inference of such model to multiple users concurrently ? Do you know how smart this model can get ? Very smart .. still , it will struggle with the most basic python coding questions if they get a little bit non-standard , down to when you need to be extremely tricky with your prompting to get half way of what you need . It ’ s not only about smart models - the fine tuning and the use cases which are never developed by the same companies creating those models
Don ’ t time your exit , if you are in for the long haul . Let me ask you , what will you do with your profits . a . You need that money to pay something ? OR b . You are going to invest into something else . ( Diversify ) . If b . then why double your qty before earnings . Rather invest in the something else directly . If a . Pay it off , especially if it ’ s a loan w high interest . No one can beat those APY consistently . You have to be true to yourself . Don ’ t FOMO . All of us could have started earlier than we did & have additional millions in our bank accounts . Well , we didn ’ t . You started when your time was right . Don ’ t look back , look ahead . Good luck ! Have fun .
Most people who bought into NVDA recently ( not years ago ) , purchased shares for the sole purpose of making buck .. if you have 200 shares at $ 126 and the share price goes up to $ 140 in 6-7 months .. you made chump change , even if it was tax-free ( which for most countries it ’ s not ) If you have many thousands of shares which you purchased for less than $ 100 per share .. now that ’ s another scale of gains . My example of 200 shares at $ 126 per share would be around $ 25K , I would not risk such amount for so little gains . Many who have 5-6- 8 thousand shares that they own since share price was like $ 44 per share .. they are going to be super happy ;-) That is of course my view on the situation
👆 " And have Additional Millions in our bank accoun " - ( I'm still working on the 1st million , lol - but yes , if I could take my 5k investment and back it up 20 yrs , I would be a MULTIMILLIONAIRE ! ! " So , stay for a while , the weather is great ! ! !
Chump change is better than no gain
126 > 140 in 6 months , 11 % gain in 6 , so 22 % pa . double of S & P avg . You can have a fulfilling career as an investment manager , if you can make that consistently every year .
Don ’ t ignore my main point about „ volume “ playing a part here , if you have 10 shares and you make a few dimes to buy your self a bigmac at McDonald ’ s it ’ s much different than a person with 15K shares who might actually „ feel “ an actual gain . If the person in question have a significant amount of shares even the difference between 126 and 140 will be well received .. how many who bought in at the highest hight actually purchased thousands of shares at 126-130 unless it was grandma ’ s money or something . Also , lots of sharks here claim every other week to buy more at every little „ dip “ , posts such as „ just loaded another $ 25K “ etc .. those are either sharks with large pockets or just buying on borrowed money without the crystal ball in the well known FOMO style
hmm . Maybe your risk management point is too subtle 😏 . About how much diversification is right for an individual , I have been torn about it . You generally end up with only a handful of multi baggers . Rest of the bunch performs average . I haven ’ t found a silver bullet , for myself , on the right mix . I am starting to believe diversification is good in down trends & flat periods . You have to ride the trend when market gives easy money .
Yeah I have never made so much easy money to be able to gamble it WSB style ;-) so I might come out as risk evasive , not as not taking any risks but being careful more than others
Strong buy singnal from Schmidt 🐸 🚀
So invest in Canadian energy companies
Solid information
Here is the link to the interview with Eric Schmidt . https://youtu.be/WOLrv-ypfXc?si=kP2jnryPPO1mCnDo The most interesting parts that Barron's used for their article is at 6:00 and around 7:50
Yea either that or hype for more $ $ .
To the moon and back ! ! ! What goes up will come down . Volatility allows you to make money both ways .
Can anyone point me in the direction of research into investment possibilities based on the data-center boom going on ? Aside from Nvidia , ofc . 😄
" If $ 300 billion is all going to go to Nvidia , you know what to do in the stock market , " Schmidt said . " If NVIDIA was a $ 600 billion company , that is a lot of coin ... But NVIDIA is a $ 3.2 trillion company ... this is kind of priced in already .
Full disclosure . Interview was in April but still relevant 4 months later .
Sounds like it
too premature . and if you have to depend on what the US govt does , then it can be a long wait .
# Researching investment opportunities related to the data-center boom involves understanding several key areas : market trends , key players , emerging technologies , and the broader economic and regulatory landscape . Here are some steps and resources to guide your research : # # # 1 . \ * \ * Understand the Market Trends \ * \ * - \ * \ * Data Growth :\ * \ * With the exponential increase in data generation , there is a growing demand for data storage , processing , and management . Research reports from firms like Gartner , IDC , and Statista provide insights into the projected growth of data and the data center market . - \ * \ * Cloud Adoption :\ * \ * The shift towards cloud computing and the increasing reliance on cloud services drive demand for data centers . Look at cloud service providers ' reports ( e . g . , AWS , Azure , Google Cloud ) to understand their data center expansion plans . # # # 2 . \ * \ * Identify Key Players \ * \ * - \ * \ * Real Estate Investment Trusts ( REITs ): \ * \ * Companies like Equinix ( EQIX ) and Digital Realty Trust ( DLR ) are major players in the data center REIT sector . These companies own and operate data centers , and investing in them can be a way to gain exposure to the sector . - \ * \ * Tech Giants :\ * \ * Companies like Amazon , Microsoft , and Google are significant investors in data centers . Analyzing their capital expenditure reports can give insights into their data center investments . - \ * \ * Chipmakers and Hardware Providers :\ * \ * Companies like NVIDIA , Intel , and AMD produce the hardware that powers data centers . Researching their product pipelines and partnerships with data center providers could be valuable . # # # 3 . \ * \ * Explore Emerging Technologies \ * \ * - \ * \ * Edge Computing :\ * \ * With the rise of IoT , there's a growing need for data processing closer to the source . Companies developing edge computing solutions might present new investment opportunities . - \ * \ * Green Data Centers :\ * \ * Sustainability is becoming a priority . Look for companies investing in energy-efficient or renewable energy-powered data centers . # # # 4 . \ * \ * Monitor Regulatory and Economic Factors \ * \ * - \ * \ * Government Policies :\ * \ * Research government initiatives and regulations regarding data security , privacy , and infrastructure investment . These can significantly impact the data center market . - \ * \ * Energy Costs :\ * \ * Data centers are energy-intensive . Understanding trends in energy prices and the push towards renewable energy can influence your investment decisions . # # # 5 . \ * \ * Access Industry Reports and Investment Research \ * \ * - \ * \ * McKinsey , Deloitte , and PwC \ * \ * often publish industry reports that provide a broad overview of the data center industry . - \ * \ * Morningstar and Seeking Alpha \ * \ * offer investment analysis and insights into publicly traded companies involved in the data center sector . - \ * \ * ETFs :\ * \ * Consider researching ETFs focused on technology infrastructure or data centers , like the Global X Data Center REITs & Digital Infrastructure ETF ( VPN ) . # # # 6 . \ * \ * Consult Financial News and Analyst Opinions \ * \ * - \ * \ * Bloomberg , CNBC , and Financial Times \ * \ * regularly cover developments in the data center industry , including mergers and acquisitions , new technological developments , and market trends . - \ * \ * Equity Research Reports :\ * \ * Banks and financial institutions like JPMorgan , Goldman Sachs , and Morgan Stanley often provide in-depth equity research reports on data center-related stocks . # # # 7 . \ * \ * Academic and Industry Conferences \ * \ * - \ * \ * Attend conferences or webinars \ * \ * hosted by industry associations like the Uptime Institute or AFCOM , where experts discuss the future of data centers , emerging trends , and investment opportunities . By combining these resources , you'll be able to build a comprehensive understanding of the investment landscape surrounding the data center boom .
Na . None of the other $ 3T companies do $ 300b in revenue . And definitely don ’ t have the margins that Nvidia has . You ’ ve never even looked at an earnings report or P / E ratio
We investing - long waits it should be .
This isn ’ t what they want to spend in a year . It is a decade and they aren ’ t making anywhere near the revenue to pay for that .
I saw the video and I felt like he meant in the next couple years max
Well , Open AI has $ 3.5 billion of revenue ... Which they did impressively double . Perhaps they can raise the $ 300 billion he references to spend on hardware but their total raised is $ 14 billion . I don't see where they will get the funds in the next couple of years . Google is using their own TPUs and AWS is using their Trainiums . Microsoft is built Maia and Facebook is apparently building their own custom chips to target their own internal efforts . A lot of the big guys are going to have more custom solutions . They won't be for sale , but they will be avail in the data center . NVIDIA has an impressive net of 50 % of revenue . That is unbelievably high . To have a par PE ratio of 20 , that would require a net income of 160 billion - - requiring sales of $ 320 billion per year with their unbelievable profit . This is already priced in .
Par p / e is 20 ? Lol not for any of the mag 7 . Each one is between like 27-79 . And Nvidia made like $ 26b in revenue just last quarter alone . And it ’ s scaling fast . How is their total raised only $ 14b ? Those companies do have custom chips but it only accounts for like 1 % of their the chips and the rest is bought from Nvidia . They can ’ t afford to fall behind in AI and wait for their chip to catch up with H100 or Blackwell . Whatever I could go on for days . I haven ’ t even gotten to software yet
In the speech he is referring to open AI buying $ 300 billlion in hardware . Those numbers are for them . They have raised $ 14 billion . Maybe they can get the rest but they only have $ 6 billion in revenue . Facebook and Microsoft are the largest H100 consumers by far . If they have successful rollouts a good amount of customers go away . Tesla and X don ’ t have good hardware yet . China needs to buy it , but the big guys will have their own . I ’ ve always said that is NVIDIAs biggest competition . Not COTS . Still a big market for NVIDIA . And open AI runs on Azure . If Maia works out for them , open AI will be running on that . A PE ratio of 20 is a long term average . When the next recession comes , managers aren ’ t going to speculate and will sell to that ratio . For reference , Apple for the 10 years up to the pandemic was trading below 10 and was averaging maybe 13 while it was growing like gangbusters . Microsoft had even lower lows and averaged about 20 . Hell Google is currently at 20 . The PE ratios we see indicate a high market historically .
You ’ re very confused . That ’ s nonsense . He did not say that open AI would spend $ 300b on hardware . He ’ s saying that ’ s how much the tech industry will spend on hardware combined . And it almost all goes to Nvidia ’ s monopoly . That ’ s not even realistic for 1 company to spend $ 300b on all total expenses combined . Especially a very small company like OpenAI
Then they definitely doesn ’ t justify their price .
Do you own Nvidia ? Lol
Not anymore . I ’ m out .
So you changed your mind ? Or you already did so good this year that you just took profits ? I just feel that last 30 years of technological advancement will be dwarfed by the next 5 years of advancements . That ’ s how technology usually progresses
Progress isn ’ t the issue . Look at their profit margins . The competitors are coming in hard and worse their customers are rolling their own . Great company . Great stock . Any stock can be overvalued .
I read articles ... and I do my own research ... make my own decisions . If these people who wrote these articles really knew what was going to happen , they WOULD NOT BE WRITTING articles .. They would be too busy making money and spending it . I bought it high - $ 131 .. then it went up , dropped . So I bought the Dip .. again and again .. went all in .. Glad I did .
Yeah let me believe some yahoo idiot over pelosi and Morgan Stanley 🤣 🤣 🤣
Well … I had 4,000 shares ( 250 in 2022 resulting in 2,500 ) , 1,500 more in the April pull back . Then I recently sold a boat and bought 2,000 more shares on last week ’ s dip ! The boat ’ s name was “ No Regerts ” and that ’ s exactly how I ’ m feeling . https://imgur.com/a/G2hJARe
I was listening to this on my drive to work ! Funny thing is , he looks exactly how he sounds like . That ’ s a salty analyst if I ’ ve ever seen one .
It would be best if tmr CPI prints are good , then mama Pelosi release a news that she bought a lot more . I can see we go to 125 in a day !
150 before earnings is almost done deal . no financial advice
That's been the problem with the internet since inception . People are learning to search for agreement instead of information . The specific problem being BOTH will always exist , and you don't always know which one you're looking at . The key is to analyze your own search practices . A lot of times using the wrong words can produce nothing but baseless opinions . 

... but try this . Search on the following ... " Why is NVDA expected to go up ? " Once you weed through all the empty price targets you'll get down to details . THAT's the gold . Then ... " Why is NVDA expected to go down ? " Again , once you weed through all the empty pessimism the details will surface . I found most of it to be related to poor fundamental analysis of the entire sector that has almost always been wrong . But with this one even when they've been right you can always trace it back to broader market issues . But if you can find a solid negative opinion about NVDA that wasn't written or inspired by someone that thinks they know something about the sector because they used a Quotron or Bloomberg terminal in 1994 for 3 whole days in a row , I'd love to see it .
Yeah , this piece seems way out of line with the current price trend . I entered higher as well like many who have commented , however , I plan on enjoying a much higher position fairly soon . I always massage my positions with options , both short-puts , and short calls against my shares . The covered calls I have been setting up lately are all $ 140 to $ 150 . Right now I have several short put positions ( bullish ) all the way from $ 130 up to $ 150 , which scared the bejeezus out of me a few days back during the rout down to $ 90 but I held on like babysh \ * t to a diaper and didn't let go . It feels much more comfortable to be back in this zone . Tomorrows CPI should be ok , but I always keep in mind how the market can be fickle as hell on the smallest of details .
I am selling OTM covered calls to lure the price higher . You are welcome . 😃
This guy is so old he ’ d be lucky to even see the end of FY2030 Dunno why anyone wants to take advice from a grandpa spouting “ dividends and REIT ”
That's the problem with technical analysis . It's hocus pocus if you don't take into consideration that for example nearly all high tech firms building AI solutions as fast as possibly letting Nvidia set the price and have strong foundations for their Q revenue guidance . The moat around NVDA is currently large ( AMD will slowly eat into it - but it will take time . This guy don't understand the underlying business as he cleary admits , and I have no idea why he would be interviewed based on drawing arbitrary straight lines on a graph to predict the future .
It's not even sour grapes it's pure bullshit
poorly written article . the only 2 lines I read were : " I missed it on the way up . I'll miss it on the way down " and " I've been wrong about Nvidia . I've been wrong about high tech , and I admit it openly and consistently . "
Same here , I average my price down to 115 after buying at 135 .
For me this is the key . You like a stock … don ’ t load in all at once . Build a position patiently . Amazing how your entry point price drops as you build if you buy and it goes down .
Bought at 48 in November . Was waiting for 90 to buy more ..
Buddy you don't get to buy the top and then talk shit lmaooo . Even if homeboy is full of shit , you're not the one we're tapping in to fight this fight .
All hail Mama Pelosi !
Yeah , that guy is a yahoo
Love this comment , godspeed !
live in CT ?
No regerts 😂
CPI print will be good . I don ’ t see us going at 2 % yet but lower 3 % is a given .
NVDA is crazy . I would not be surprised to see over $ 200 by Christmas with so many regretting not buying when it was under $ 100 . But they don ’ t buy . Too much fear motivation .
inching $ 115.55 as I type this
I wonder if hedge funds pay these guys to go on NBC etc to lower the price for them .
Curios about this ? What premium are you getting per share or any other details you could share ? I ’ ve been thinking about doing this instead of dcaing out . I don ’ t care if my shares get assigned but I ’ m also good with just the premium . Any thoughts ?
He ’ s still PTSD from Y2K .
The dude was talking the old “ lower highs and lower lows ” chart voodoo from the 90 ’ s .
🤣
I believe there are certain times where going all in at once is the best option . Obviously , there needs to be a huge due diligence done and have market conditions ( following pullback ) and other economic conditions ( interest rate cuts in play ) , just right .
This Yahoo boomer didn ’ t 🤪
Ya mean drunken Auntie Nancy !
Nope ! ! CA
I hope so too . Really want another 5 % rally , but can take a flat as a stop to rest before erection is fine with me .
majority of regards buy high sell low
yup
I'm sure that's all part of the big club . If they can manipulate people with politics and other mass public opinion , why not push people around with other whims . I get the whole " yen carry trade " theory , but go back and look at USD vs YEN and see that the massive decline didn't start 10 days ago , so why did the panic ? Because they push it on their programs and print .
I am genuinely expecting it to recover before earnings and it has started to do just that . I actually want to get behind on some options and keep rolling them up , but behind , as earnings is released . These options will hedge me against a drop after earnings . Hope this makes sense . This week I have $ 111 , $ 115 , and $ 118 strikes sold . We will see how the week ends .
over 116
The whole thing last Monday was weird with the retail trading apps glitching on the open . However I think that saved a few regards from selling or buying panic puts on the open .
what happens if they sell the option before expiration ?
Who needs a ticker when we have you guys .
I scrambled that day to free up some cash to buy as much as I could of a Nasdaq fund in one account and push some cash to my trading account to stabilize it
I have yet to get assigned on covered calls . Puts is another story
got it TY
The market was expecting a Grand Slam , massive fireworks , a steak dinner , and a hot blonde sitting down on its lap . Instead , it got " just " a Home Run .
122 % growth isn't enough because not enough people understand that a never-ending 500 % year-over-year increase isn't plausible . Further , lots of people will buy the dip , bringing it back up to where it was . After that , it'll continue to climb , but likely not see such large increases again anytime soon .
From the conference call five minutes ago : the blackwell chip had to have a new mask set done . ( This is to fix a metallurgy issue in the interconnet between the two giant chips . ) there was no " functionality change " to the blackwell design . And it HAS been done , sent to TSMC foundry , and they already are sourcing this new blackwell chip for testing . They will be shipping production quantities of blackwell in Q4 of this year . So the BIGGEST hold back on NVDAs growth , delay of Blackwell , only shifted revenues by 1 quarter . Not very important . All the numbers beat expectations . So , at these afterhours deflated prices , i personally think it is a buy .
A volatile stock doing volatile things . Don't look at it day by day if you ain't trading it . If you believe in the company , DCA into it , go out , get a hobby , and open your broker account again in 1 year or later .
It's market manipulation It crashed last month then bounced back Everyone knows to buy the dips always ATH with NVDA IN Nancy Pelosi we trust 🙏
The rate of eps and revenue beat is declining . It ’ s like your Asian parents said “ A - ? Why minus . You stupid . ”
Nvidia exceeded the market expectation in revenue and earning per stock but is going down in the after hours ( 6 % at the moment ) . What people fail to understand , the CURRENT stock price is already taking into account AI chips being on time , and hitting the expected results . Therefore no room for growth as the results were not overwhelming and news of things being faster . I got a beat today , gonna have to hold long .
I suspect big Wall Street institutions dumped the stock as soon as earnings came out in order to buy more when the weeks hands sell . Then buy it up and then the regular people buy and it goes up for a few weeks and then dump again
Nearly numbers is not enough anymore
It was their next quarter guidance . They did $ 30b . They said $ 32B next quarter . If they grow $ 2 billion a quarter it will take like 8-10 years to achieve the revenue of Apple Which is a similar market cap company . The issue here is this is a great company and the stock got way too hot . Their profit margins are fat and competition is coming . Apple announced they are using googles proprietary accelerators . The TPU v5p .
Wall street was expecting a A5 Wagyu Steak but got a Ribeye instead . With earnings beat and 50B buyback , it will go back up . Give it a couple of days .
NVDA did not beat by as big of margins as they have over the last few years .. hence the reaction .. still beat and raised guidance though .. solid quarter overall and still growing .. but likely no where near as in the past .
I'm excited . I knew it was going to drop so I'm hoping it slides a bit more so i can buy .
Wait till tomorrow .
I was downvoted multiple times being „ not positive enough “ about .. well what happened is what always happens : things out of our control which people did not believe will happen the way they did . I am pretty positive about NVDA but looking at some price predictions from some pretty famous broker apps sighting + 1000 % from what we have right now just make me cringe
The growth rate is slowing compared to previous quarters . Nvidia is priced for an insane growth rate to continue .
I think Earning beat is not good enough for market expectations .
The beat the numbers . The market wanted them to beat them harder ( because Nvidia is daddy ) and mainly to promise us we should expect next time ( guidance ) which they didn ’ t promise as much as some hoped .
Meanwhile I'm covered calling my losses back in 30 days . Them maintaining this momentum through sector tightening and China sanctions is wildly impressive to me . I can't wait till the energy cost cutting start more of a factoring into the cash flow .
Let's first see tomorrow . Then we can start looking for explanation .
> people are either freaking out or overjoyed That's because social media doesn't reward calm , collected discourse .
You bought and the price went down as a result
just people being idiots
😂 😂 😂
If you don ’ t understand what ’ s going on you really should be in index funds only . Part of the reason this bubble exists is too many amateur investors have been piling into the stock and call options .
Stock already has a super high PE ratio and Nvidia released bearish news on Blackwell ( the main advantage Nvidia has on other companies ) .
This is the best possible way to explain it . Just look at all the “ I dumped my college tuition in before earnings ” posts people made yesterday . They were expecting something beyond measure and anything less is failure in their eyes . I have one Sep 13th call that might get burnt tomorrow but my shares are gonna be juuuuust fine . Be interesting to see what it does tomorrow and Friday on e people chill a little lol
There are lots of people who only trade in normal trading hours so there could be a bit of a rally tomorrow as people see the positive earnings and guidance and want to get in for what they see as a ' dip ' , especially given that people were calling $ 123 a dip earlier in the week ( not just retail , bigger players too ) .
That's why the stock is now overvalued . Going forward Nvidia's earnings can't grow as fast as investors expect . The growth rate will only decrease .
I concur . That ’ s a great suggestion . That ’ s what did . I picked up painting .
What does DCA mean ?
More like “ Only an A ? Why no plus ? ” 😆
Except that the stock price is lower than it was 3 months ago so there's been no stock growth in that time .
This is stupidity . I'm sorry but it is . " Already priced in " is the dumbest concept I have ever heard . Based off the stock price ( which is currently stupid and will go up fast tomorrow ) NVDA is currently a worse company then it was in May ... They beat earnings , they beat forecast , they have blackwell runway open . You want to say people are selling because they expected a bigger beat ? Fine . " Already priced in " is the dumbest concept ever in explaining stock movement .
They always dump and then pump and have retail investors holding the bag .
Bingo
Best simple answer I've heard yet
Idk a 39 forward looking ratio is not bad . Heck If the stock stays the same price next year and we keep growing at this rate , we wil be looking at a forward looking 15 ratio
No they didn ’ t there is no delay on Blackwell chips and hopper demand is still strong
You do need help , spreading shit like this .
What are you talking about there is no delay on Blackwell ... Also ... the competition is still 2 generations behind Nvidia . Blackwell isn't the only advantage lol
I wonder how many people are gonna panic sell right before the stock climbs back up
Yes , exactly . This sub is a perfect example of the " irrational exuberance " that accompanies big moments in human innovation . But nothing grows infinitely and NVidia WILL slow down , if today isn't evidence that it already has ( from a VERY high speed of growth ) . Like , we're still going 110 mph on the highway ! We're just not going 150 mph anymore .
Disagree somewhat since production increases are coming and the new product is too but otherwise I ’ d agree … expectations are probably unrealistic but the company has great growth
Dollar cost averaging . Believe in a stock , keep investing regularly , profit .
When you are investing the same amount of your money at regular intervals over a certain period of time no matter what price is .
Dollar cost averaging
[ deleted ]
Yeah it will go down after hours and go up in a few days or weeks ; the hype was market manipulation
As if the market was rational
The thing is Nvidia won ’ t continue to grow at this rate . That ’ s what this ER now shows as well as the guidance . The guidance was lower than expected as well .
Earnings call too confirmed the same . No delay on blackwell
I ’ m literally Jensen Huang buddy .
All the same people who ignored us when we said “ don ’ t invest money you need in the next couple years ” or “ if you ’ re gonna buy options or pull a YOLO bet , make sure it ’ s money you can LOSE ” and yet … …
And I wonder how many people said the same thing about Cisco after that now-infamous earnings call in 2001 . In 23 years , it never regained that share price . I keep getting accused of trolling . I'm not . I'm recommending stock bros learn to price in risk and vol like adults again .
Most of them . The stats back this up .
If anything , I would be a bit more worried of its longterm potential if it DIDN ’ T show some healthy slowing in its insane growth .
Uhhh
[ deleted ]
* * Similarities : * * * * * Meteoric Rise Fueled by Demand : * * Both companies enjoyed periods of rapid expansion driven by strong demand for their products . Cisco dominated the networking equipment market during the dot-com boom , while NVDA capitalizes on the exploding AI and data center markets . * * * Overreliance on Internal Metrics : * * Both Cisco's " virtual close " system and NVDA's internal projections might have created a blind spot towards external economic factors . Cisco failed to anticipate the dot-com bubble burst , just as NVDA's current valuation might not fully reflect potential economic downturns or increased competition . * * * Growth Bias : * * Both companies exhibited a strong growth bias , which is common in the technology sector . This bias can lead to overestimations of future demand and , consequently , overproduction and inventory issues , as seen with Cisco . * * Differences : * * * * * Economic Climate : * * The dot-com bubble was a period of speculative frenzy , while the current economic climate , though facing challenges , appears more stable . This suggests that a Cisco-like crash , while possible , is not necessarily inevitable for NVDA . * * * Market Diversification : * * NVDA operates in a more diversified market than Cisco did in 2001 . While Cisco focused primarily on networking equipment , NVDA caters to various sectors like gaming , data centers , and automotive , potentially mitigating risks associated with a downturn in a single market . * * * Macroeconomic Awareness : * * The article suggests that Cisco failed to incorporate macroeconomic indicators into its forecasts . Today , companies like NVDA are more aware of these factors and might be better equipped to react to changing economic conditions . * * What it Portends for NVDA's Future : * * * * * Valuation Correction : * * NVDA's current valuation , like any high-flying stock , is subject to correction . However , the degree and speed of this correction depend on factors like market sentiment , competition , and broader economic performance . * * * Importance of Adaptation : * * NVDA's future success hinges on its ability to adapt to changing market dynamics , avoid overdependence on any single sector , and maintain a realistic outlook on future growth . * * * Lessons Learned : * * The tech industry can learn from Cisco's experience . Incorporating macroeconomic factors into forecasting models , diversifying product portfolios , and fostering a culture of realistic projections are crucial for sustainable growth . * * Conclusion : * * While the similarities between Cisco's 2001 crash and NVDA's current trajectory warrant caution , drawing a direct parallel would be simplistic . NVDA benefits from a more diversified market and a heightened awareness of macroeconomic factors . However , the company must remain vigilant , adapt to evolving conditions , and temper its growth expectations to avoid repeating history . The future of its valuation rests on its ability to navigate these complexities successfully .
Agreed . I'm getting savaged by some frantic weirdo on another NVDA thread for simply suggesting that slowing is occurring . If they kept growing exponentially , it probably would've meant they were pulling forward revenue from future periods , limiting their long-term potential .
Nothing about Cisco sucked in 2001 either . They really were crushing it ! Problem was , the MARKET got out over its skis and drove VALUATION into the stratosphere . Then Cisco sneezed . That's all it took . May not happen tomorrow . But those retail grandmas out there are feeling ready to take their gains and go home . That happened in 2001 too ...
Thanks for uh ... The ChatGPT output here . If GenAI could pick stocks , we'd all be rich . It can't because humans are emotional creatures ... like many in this sub defending NVDA like it's one of their children and I'm calling it ugly . That emotion is exactly why we're headed for a drop tomorrow . I'll be buying but it's past time for the WSB bros in here to calm down and treat this stock like it's a stock and not part of their identity .
What ’ s up with the retards posting ChatGPT output ?
Dude , just look at this shit . Read the comments too . It VERY much is a speculative frenzy . It's just concentrated all in one place . https://www.reddit.com/r/StockMarket/s/zX86NrZjZg
It seems to only slowed because they maxed out sales against production levels . Switching to the new product and the increases in production capacity should speed it up again .
I think you're right . But there's something else looming in 2026-2028 . At some point , the hyperscalers ( 1 ) intend to begin building their own chips ( every single one has said so ) , and ( 2 ) they are going to reach capacity on chip inventory needed to serve existing compute demand . When ( 2 ) happens , N goes back to being a cycle driven company . When ( 1 ) happens , even though it'll be a while , they'll start to lose market share to their own customers . Enjoy the moment . This roller coaster DOES have a top and we may already have seen it .
It's much more complicated then this , this isn't 1990 lithography . These are absolutely state of the art chip fabs and there are only so many . If they intend to make their own chips they need shovels in the ground 2 years ago , and a team designing them with decades of experience ... That they will find where ? Elon Musk tried to replace the hardware ... And failed . Just look at tsmc startup in the west . Even with govt hand outs , it was deluged with issues of finding the workforce to put it together , and that's the company that already makes nvda chips . As for foreign competition , China is trying miserably , and the next closest domestic is probably 5-7 years behind . So tell me is it realistic that these companies sudden creat chips as efficient and fast as nvda when people who have been trying for 20-30 years can't ? This is not a simple supply demand issue , it's a technologically limited and workforce limited supply .
THEN WHY DID THE STOCK DROP , I LOST 10k . I LITERALLY SEE NO BAD NEWS
Not sure why the stock is seeing a dip of over 4.8 % , possibly just a short term dip , and it ’ ll be back up again with all the not so bad news . Fingers crossed .
Found this article , good analysis https://blog.ori.co/nvidia-blackwell-b100-b200-gb200
Great transcript run-down , thanks !
This post is emphatically wrong . Here's the facts and the rundown .. * * Blackwell Delays : * * 1 . * * Timeline Shift * * : Nvidia initially communicated to the market up until the leaks around the Yen Carry Trade crash that it expected to launch Blackwell earlier in 2024 . Now they're saying the production ramp will start in Q4 2024 , which suggests there have been delays . If you've read any of the latest analyst notes , they're now expecting production around mid 2025 . Can you risk an upcoming ratecut cycle rotation and potential deceleration into a product cycle shift ? If you're an actual investor that has been in Nvidia for years , very likely so . If you're a late-comer ... 2 . * * Design Adjustments * * : Even though Nvidia says there were " no functional changes " needed , the fact that changes were made this late in the process indicates there were unforeseen issues , which is a sign of delays . 3 . * * Impact on Market * * : Delays in production mean Blackwell might not be widely available until well into 2025 . This could hurt Nvidia's ability to continue the bubble if Hyperscalers decide ' enough is enough ' . 4 . * * Investor Messaging * * : Nvidia saying " no delay " seems more like an attempt to keep investors calm rather than reflecting the actual timeline . The reality is , the timeline has shifted , which is a delay . So , while Nvidia is trying to downplay it , the timeline for Blackwell has been pushed back , and that ’ s not great news for them . Disclosure , I am short Nvidia but I am also trying to prevent folks who are likely unaware of the AI market or the tech cycles from losing their shirts .
There is a delay , just capitalizing it doesn ’ t make it true . The ramp would ’ ve been much faster if not for that .
you'll have that 10K back soon , long game
Big boys supressing it so that the calls expire worthless ?
Fuck nvidia , they were supposed to make eleventy trillion dollars and only made a paltry 30 billion , I might have to sell my niece's yacht now .
Username does not check out 😭 😭
There was no bad news . The problem is that it's PRICED as if it's making the \ * next 3 years of revenue \ * ... now ( and that's not what was reported ) .
If it makes you feel any better I lost $ 140 , 2/3 rds of what ’ s basically my life savings and the two calls I have expire 9/13 .
2000 shares with $ 5 / share missing = - $ 10k for me .
it was a great quarter . And no delays in blackwell .
How many ways from sunday can the man say there is NO delay ? Are you just in denial .
Not if he bought weekly calls he won ’ t !
You're saying wallstreet might be manipulating ? 🤔
That's not true it's literally the cheapest mag 7 stock . LOL do you know what you're even saying ?
Even a very conservative forward P / E easily justifies the stock price at 115 by end of year . I would say somewhere in the 120 ' s is a reasonable price EOY given that it's a growth stock .
You have 140k in calls ? What strike ?
Your interpretation is so very forced lol . I expected Blackwell rev q3 and full swing q4 , the timelines clearly pushed back a quarter .
Is a 128 $ call exp . 18/10 Safe ?
Never 😉
Yeah , I suspect I do . I've been in an industry adjacent to financial markets for 22 years . Are you over the age of 22 ? NVDA is the cheapest Mag 7 stock ... * * presuming its PE is accurate * * . After today's results , everyone on Wall Street will be adjusting their models for a denominator lower than $ 10 Petabillion - or whatever you fan boys - enjoy saying these days and that PE is going to go way up , looking far less cheap than it did this morning .
You expected Blackwell Q3 revenue ? lol You expected what from who . Nobody ever said that . And I assure you that there will be revenue in Q3 from blackwell because how the hell else would they ship it ? Some semblance of revenue will start at Q3 and Hopper remains extremely strong . You replies seem very reachy .
What the fuck is 18/10 lol ? october 18 ? Yes that is fine .
It beat the whisper for christ sakes LOL . what are you saying . The guided to the moon . Good job trolling
Let ’ s be serious , you tell me there is revenue q3 then laughs at me for expecting revenue q3 . This is so troll . My expectations were set by last quarter ’ s call where he said to expect a lot of Blackwell revenue this year . That has clearly moderated . A couple of billion q4 is disappointing .
Slimmest revenue beat in 6 quarters . That's what traders are saying right now . It's no longer smashing its own forward guidance . It's beating like a regular growth company ( albeit a great one ) . That means it's going to be revalued like a great growth stock . Examine the emotion you're putting into this . It's eventually going to lose you money . It always does .
Either you believe or you don't . why are you here ?
he just said in Q4 we will have billions of dollars of revenue from blackwell in Q4 . There will be a supply issue of course .
They are in-between a major product cycle . Can we give that a break . She ( CFO ) said when Raskins asked her about specific numbers on the guide and she said he was too low . Blackwell is a thing that I don't think people realize what is coming . It's going to be a another leap up . just my opinion
Believe what ? The delays a matter of fact not speculative .
You could absolutely be right ( and probably are ) . All I'm saying is that it's not wild to suggest either ( 1 ) growth is slowing ( from an insane speed to a crazy speed ) or ( 2 ) Current valuation is too high because retail traders piled in and overbought it . You've got grannies who can't spell NvIdia or tell you what they build , telling their friends about it on the golf course . That's the kind of goofy shit that happened in 2001 . I'm a long-term bull and holder but we need to stop wrapping our whole identities around this shit like the weirdos over WSB do .
unless you can show me some proof of Q3 blackwell when H200 were literally just released what you are saying is nonsense .
You hit the nail on the head my friend , I sensed the top when I had conversations with folks who were nowhere at all close to the AI market suddenly becoming convinced that AI was going to do ' everything ' in the next 5 years and specifically always mentioning NVIDIA alongside ChatGPT .
I ’ ll show you my tea leaves when I get back home lol
Ground control to Major Tom ...
" In its debut submission , [ NVIDIA Blackwell ] ( https://nvdam.widen.net/s/xqt56dflgh/nvidia-blackwell-architecture-technical-brief ) delivered outstanding performance — up to 4x compared to H100 on Llama 2 70B . And , among available solutions , Hopper GPUs delivered the highest multi-GPU generative AI performance and the highest performance per accelerator across all workloads , and continues to benefit from ongoing software optimization . [ NVIDIA Triton Inference Server ] ( https://developer.nvidia.com/triton-inference-server ) also achieved great results this round , delivering similar performance to bare metal submissions . For edge and embedded AI , Jetson AGX Orin , and the rich NVIDIA software stack enable running capable models , like GPT-J 6B , with performance improving by up to 6.2 x in just one round . "
Timely released of an article
Nobody has any answer to blackwell
It's a race to the top of the inference mountain . Who's going to win ? Nvidia or some startup ?
I think we're still in count down . . . ;)
concur , thought this was interesting too . But I think it was more timed with HotChips event this week . ( Maybe Nvidia was leaning on the table a bit when they picked this week for ER , lol )
truth , and they are projecting " billions " current FY sales
Who's going to ~ ~ win ~ ~ come in second ?
Pretty much this ... I'm in it only to accumulate shares of quality companies that are making lots of money . Either they will grow , buy back shares , or pay dividends , all of which will Benefit me . I don't think Much about the price . The nice thing is , the number of shares always keeps going up . I only ask for a 10 % gain from my portfolio , every year ... pretty much the S and P rate . That's how I make my projections , and if the market gives me that year in and year out , I'll have more money than I can reasonably Spend a few years from now . Isn't that the goal ?
I also want to add that it's only a loss until you sell . Until then it's just numbers on a screen , which happen to be red recently lol .
Great advice ! Now I need to get better at it :)
Take tablets ! Pro tip
NVDA went from the mid 100 ’ s to 1000 in a little over a year and split 10 to 1 . Did you buy at ATH ’ s ?
Took me a few years . To be fair , I was so broke growing up and then most of my twenties that I ’ m used to “ having no money ” … . so now I live about the same lifestyle as when I made $ 30,000 a year except I “ spend ” the extra into investing . I was a struggling and broke musician with massive debt until only the last couple of years , and this might be the one situation where I am glad of that lollll
Are you talking to me or the folks the post is aimed at ?
Either way , it ’ s beneficial . Up $ 160 , my Call Options for 12/20 gonna be SOLID . If Great Recession hits ( nahhhhhhh ) , I ’ m buying up even more NVDA
Really hope NVDA goes up . With most of big AI players raised future capex in AI infrastructure , NVDA's near future outperform and higher guidance is 99 % guaranteed . Today is an overreaction to bad market data , but the prolonged negative sentiment could also create big trouble . If NVDA can hold 106 tomorrow , everything could turn to a better side .
I mean it is part of S & P 500 already unless they want to jump ship to Dow . My call options are getting killed buy so is everyone else with the current market down trend .
What strike did you buy for December ?
What do you mean “ jump ship ” ? Companies don ’ t choose which indices they are in and can be / are frequently included in more than one index . The Dow Jones Industrial Average deciding to include Nvidia in its index would mean any investment vehicles that track the Dow would have to rebalance and acquire Nvidia shares , thereby pushing up share price .
Several : $ 130 , $ 134 and $ 135
Godspeed brother - may we celebrate together at 130
All I gotta say is In Nancy Pelosi we trust 🙏
You won ’ t see any actual revenue from Blackwell till Q4 at best .
Did you even listen to the earnings a couple of days ago ? Colette Kress affirmed that they will have “ several ” billions in Blackwell revenue in Q4 . That is only 2 day old info straight from the horses ’ mouth . I doubt you know more than their CFO .
Big money prices these things a year + before retail gets whiff
Here we go again
Don ’ t you see , the next quarter . Oct-Dec . Go for this timeframe , not earnings 🔥
same thing happened last year with NVDA stock price . you just are not gonna see any sustained rallies in the next couple months . NVDA will probably just range sideways until nov / dec and then when 2025 hits , it's off to the races again , up into that 160-220 area
People just aren ’ t understanding sell side . They ’ re saying 2026 will see the end of these big orders . Basically they ’ re saying all the billions corporations ordered need to see ROI for them to keep ordering . And that ’ s the main doubt .
Too much coping haha , after being asked 5 times about the blackwell delay if there is no delay you don't think he would've said " there is no delay " ? It sucks but you gotta realize that when blackwell hits it's going to hit like a truck . It's not a couple of billion , it'll be 15 , 20 billion a quarter . This isn't happening this year , Q4 early deliveries are not that serious , we're going to have to look to Q1 to see real volume .
Limited shipment only gb200
If Jensen is right I can say for sure Blackwell will not ship until Q4 . He could simply be making room for a delay , though . So , it is still possible to release / ship in Q3 . I think it's the first two minutes that he says it . This video was recorded and uploaded after the earnings report . https://youtu.be/NC5NZPrxbHk?si=sp8WZfSj8Gqb9x0G
Can ’ t wait for August to end . NVDA will surge next month , next quarter , next year as people shift gear from selling to buying .. to the moon !
i read something from some stock analysis site saying that it ’ s possible nvidia is recording unfulfilled sales as current revenue . might explain the pullback after earnings .
Anyways you guyss making $ soon or later
BLACKWELL-IS-DELAYED . Jensen confirmed this . The only one struggling to comprehend that is you . He said in Q4 there will be " Billions " in revenue . What Jensen said after Q1 ; > > That has not happened . Ergo , DELAYS . Stop arguing the sky isn't blue . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html )
All good but the only thing now that matter is growth . That's why nvidia dropped . Growth is slowing down . Therefore we are going more into a lower volatility and fair valuation . The revenue increase just provides a better and fair P / E ratio . Stop dreaming about 1000 % stock growth in an year .
You know the bubble is bursting when dumbasses start making up conspiracy theories to cope
I'm not too educated on this , but I do have one question . Can someone tell me . Does this mean during the next few days , it will be rising or sinking ?
This a great post highlighting the “ retail ” understanding of the “ smart money ’ s ” risk analysis mainly due to the unknown production ramp out of Blackwell . Keep it coming folks , just don ’ t forget to put the fries in the bag !
Dude stop being so attached to a stock , move on and find the next opportunity . The get rich quick gains that you ’ re chasing has sailed
Orders orders
Doubt that . You think those samples are free ?
I agree lol ? What are you referring to me for ? I'm saying the same thing
I see it coming out of the lows and heading to 135 and settling in there to your point . Maybe 140 ' s which is fair value
Honestly have not heard any analyst say this in quite a few weeks .
This is the pure lies and frankly stupidity of anyone who's saying that . Companies are already receiving roi . It only grows from here . Lol how crazy and out of touch do you have to be to not get that . I'm an insider telling you .
On the call he literally said “ there is no delay ” , even getting frustrated at someone because he was clarifying that they intentionally modified the mask not because of functionality issues , but to increase yield . Did you listen to the call ?
Read the post . H200
We ’ ll know when we get there . People are pissed and arguing over guesses
Listen to the stock holder meeting Jensen responds to the 2nd question I believe . He stated very plainly even emphasizes on it and says Blackwell is not delayed and the first ones are shipping out this month .
September typically sucks for the market
Gtfoh lol . Post a link from a credible site or kick rocks
> During the question-and-answer portion of the quarterly call , Huang said production shipments of Blackwell will start in the second quarter and ramp up in Q3 . According to Huang , customers should have data centers up and running by the fourth quarter . > " We will see a lot of Blackwell revenue this year , " Huang said during the call . Did Jensen say they would not be creating Blackwell in Q3 . Answer : no . Did Jensen say they will have revenue from blackwell this year in this the Q2 and Q3 call . Answer : yes Did Jensen say they would be delivering Blackwell in Q4 both in the Q1 and Q2 call . Answer : yes The only person not getting it is you . The only
Gtfoh . You're a moron of you thought anybody thought there was going to be 1000 growth
No , it's not and this is just ONE dumbass who can't deal with the fact that Blackwell is delayed and it's normal . But you ' think AI has " burst , " when they JUST crushed ANOTHER earnings but they didn't beat expectations by double digits AGAIN , so the stock didn't continue to shoot up ? Sorry , but if you think this is a bubble , you're as delusional as the OP and his " blackwell isn't delayed , " shit .
How big is that short
You tell me big market maker
Where's the smart money on tesla ? All we here is Robotaxis from the smart money . Meanwhile Nvidia is making cash now . Smart money ok lol
Lol why are you here
If they made such a huge difference it would have been included in the guidance . I ’ m not sure what you ’ re expecting but it ’ s unrealistic to think samples will move billions .
😂 😂 ‼ ️ I laughed my ass off , it sounded like some drug dealer type shit 😂
Literally , yes . I think the samples are free and they are . Do you think a company commits to buying 10B worth of Blackwell stacks in Q4 ? But let's say they're NOT free . It's a company guiding for 32.5 B . You really think the HB200 NV72 SAMPLES are going to materially impact the revenue ? And you still owe me $ 1000 for showing you WHEN Jensen said they'd start shipping Blackwell in Q2 .
Oh my bad , I thought you are saying Blackwell revenue will be more obvious in Q3 vs Q4 as a surprise .
Explain to me how $ 140 is fair value
I like these estimates . Tuesday I will be looking at 141 ish covered calls to sell a few weeks out and do that every couple weeks until next earnings … . will have to see the premiums Tuesday , care less about getting assigned in most accounts , cash account will be more conservative on strikes ( higher strikes )
Just trying to understand why price action continues this sell off . MMs are de-risking .
You need to understand the nuances of what we're talking about . Initial shipments have nothing to do with the timeline for a delay . There has been extensive reporting on this and I summarized the situation here : https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1ejyst0/dylan_patel_on_blackwell_delays/lggzxdl/ Blackwell is not " broken " , just certain design elements are hard to manufacture and therefore has low yields . To improve the yields Blackwell has underwent a small redesign . There are multiple blackwell products , easier ones to deliver are shipping already , ones that are hard to manufacture will only ramp in volume in 2025 .
https://simplywall.st/stocks/us/semiconductors/nasdaq-nvda/nvidia?utm_source=braze&utm_medium=email&utm_campaign=Critical+Updates%3A+Daily+Batch&utm_content=Variant+1
> * * Did Jensen say they will have revenue from blackwell this year in this the Q2 and Q3 call . Answer : yes * * Right . In Q1 . After Q2 , he said they'd make " billions " in Q4 of Fiscal 2025 . > Did Jensen say they would be delivering Blackwell in Q4 both in the Q1 and Q2 call . Answer : yes Riiight . I remember him saying they'd be shipping in scale IN QUARTER 3 in the Q1 Earnings . Are they doing that RIGHT NOW ? Or are they shipping SAMPLES ? > The only person not getting it is you . No , literally everyone else understands that Blackwell is delayed roughly 3 months . They even addressed the problems and how they were not design problems , they were with the mask . Yet , ANOTHER stupid thread in which the SAME idiot argues Blackwell is NOT delayed .
Okay . Sure you wanted 10000 % or more . I was just less optimistic 😂
All the cope posts are fun to read and fun to see people lose their shits from ER
Why . What is the motivation to raise guidance to some obscene amount . Beating and guiding is the game here .
😂
You always leave out key details in your argument > Do you think a company commits to buying 10B worth of Blackwell stacks in Q4 ? Yes lmao yes . Why wise would Jensen said there will be Blackwell revenue this year ? Lol holy shit it's like your brain doesn't work .
There will be some Blackwell revenue I would think . Some . Q4 For sure
First you explain how tesla is fair value
Ok that's their loss
What the fuck hack link is this 😂 😂 😂
You like to watch don't you
Huh ? Dude , if Blackwell would make a difference in Q3 ’ 25 it would have been included in the guidance as well as the earnings call . Period . The guidance was bad compared to expectations , so if Jensen could have changed that with anything Blackwell-related , he would have done so . You ’ re being naive .
Are you a moron ( don't answer , I know the answer is yes ) ... WITHOUT SAMPLING IT was the obvious inference . But I don't know , why would Jensen lie about when Blackwell is coming out ? > However , [ Nvidia ’ s shares fell ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-stock-blackwell-ai-chip-design-flaws-production-1851613133 ) earlier this month after a report that its latest [ Blackwell AI platform ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-new-blackwell-ai-chip-1851348043 ) is [ delayed due to design flaws ] ( https://www.theinformation.com/articles/nvidias-new-ai-chip-is-delayed-impacting-microsoft-google-meta?rc=5xvgzc ) , possibly pushing deliveries back by at least three months . During the company ’ s [ first-quarter earnings ] ( https://qz.com/nvidia-earnings-q1-2024-1851494672 ) call , * * Nvidia chief executive Jensen Huang said Blackwell would start shipping in the second quarter * * , ramp up in the third quarter , and be with customers in the fourth quarter . He added that the chipmaker would see revenue from Blackwell this year . [ https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html ] ( https://www.yahoo.com/tech/nvidias-jensen-huang-gave-us-235228551.html )
Tesla is not fair value . At all
you complain quite a bit .
Nah . I have shares . I am okay with where it is 😂
Guide lower surprise next quarter . I don't know why this is hard to compute
Ok just checking to make sure I'm talking to someone sane . OK Nvidia has explosive growth and an insanely high profit margin . The have a cloud business in every major cloud provider called an AI factory powered by DGX , CUDA , and Spectrum X which generates billions in licensing fees . AI is powering millions of new applications and use cases . Robotics will be a larger business than Apples i phones . True self driving cars will come through advancements of vision models like those from open ai and Nvidia gpus . Nivida will be a growth company for the next 10 years if not more . This will be larger than the internet and the industrial revolution .
Found the guy with all the shorts . You must like just saying dumb shit and hoping it sticks
Your wife's boyfriend has shares you mean
That ’ s not how it works . Nvidia has consistantly guided higher . Your argument makes zero sense to leave out such important news just to make a bit of surprise next quarter . You must be new to the stock market . For what reason would Nvidia purposely leave out important news and guide lower to surprise in the next quarter ? Edit : don ’ t know what you ’ re smoking but samples don ’ t make up billions of $ $ .
You're describing securities fraud lol
I don't know why literally everyone telling you Blackwell is delayed is hard to compute .
My wife owns TSMC . A lot .
He's delusional . If Blackwell was shipping in volume that would materially impact sales , he has a duty to inform his shareholders of that . So either Jensen is lying and has been since Q1 OR ... MAYBE everyone is telling the truth that Blackwell is in fact delayed and ... it's really not that big of a deal .
Now coming from an uneducated drooler here so please be kind ... but wouldn't they want to have a surprise for next quarter because look at what happened this quarter ? Exceeded all expectations and still went down . Lowering expectations kind of subliminally makes sense , big news people weren't counting on is a catalyst . Kind of like hiding a secret on a TV show for the whole season for the big reveal . The writers knew the whole time but they save the juice for the big pop . I mean , what else on earth is gonna move this sucker subliminally . Seems right now it would take Superman
Lol wtf are you talking about . That's why the guide is in range . Oooo you made too much money that's securities fraud . Lol wth
Dude , this isn ’ t a soap opera . The CEO is obligated to inform of such important news . A company doesn ’ t ‘ save ’ important news for a specific quarter when they could have just included it in the earnings call and guidance ; it would have the same effect . If it ’ s not included in the guidance , they simply don ’ t have any good news to report about Blackwell . Blackwell will not generate any revenue till Q4 at the earliest . Edit : it ’ s not the CEO ’ s responsibility to make sure the stock price moves a certain way , so he ’ s not saving a year worth of news to please the kids like some sort of Christmas eve . It ’ s his responsibility to fully inform his shareholders every single earnings report .
Bubble bagholer detected .
I appreciate your breaking down the mechanics for me . I've always heard , though , that it is the CEOs # 1 responsibility to be beholden to the shareholders ? To ensure profit for them . To act in their best interest . The only thing I can think of to really raise the price on this unique stock right now is to create an atmosphere of " another day at the office " as much as they can so they can pull a rabbit out of the hat . Play the tides . I dunno maybe that is a little sensational and dramatic , but what's an NVDA gotta do these days ?
What ? Stocks in the same sector move in a similar matter ? Warren Buffet should hear about this !
I didn ’ t think the post warranted a smart ass remark .
They basically mirror each other , which cannot be said for any other stock that I ’ ve noticed .
How do they mirror each other ? Have you zoomed out or are you looking at a day to day movement ?
on Google finance you can look at multiple stocks on one chart .
This makes me very confident on my MSFT and NVDA investments . We shall see !
Your entire portfolio being one stock definitely is a dumb idea .
I would buy 1/4 th today after open , see where it goes a few days later and carefully put more money in it . I guess there ’ s some whales shorting this shit or something . Nothing makes sense here . Fundamentals are out of the picture . Theres some stocks that are overvalued as heck and they still rise . And then there ’ s NVDA . This is a texh company making something not a lot of companies are making . In any case , $ 120 / $ 122 is a great price in the long run .
Right now you should put a chunk like that in a broad market ETF . Even gold ( like IAU ) isn't a bad bet . Diversify some . Then if nvda takes a dump you can swoop in and buy cheaper . If not , then your broad market fund would still capture some of the gains . I'm starting to have doubts that we'll see another moonshot like this spring . I think the split did more harm than good for investors , but I'm keeping the long form of that opinion to myself .
holy HONKERS ! ! your rich , i wish i got $ 30k free money
Do you have an emergency fund ? Any debt ? - paying off debt is a guaranteed return equal to your interest rate
Don't forget that the government is going to take about 15k of that in taxes !
Diversify
Would it kill you to diversify a smidge ?
Wait until you see the price action and direction of the market . You're not going to lose much by being patient . And yes , what you described is sunk cost fallacy and it's the reason so many traders work at wendys . Gamestop is going to like $ 50 next week why not that ? ( don't ... don't do that )
Buy some , not all your money . Buy when it dips more , wait some time . This dip may not be it , it may go lower . I made same mistake after split - i thought i'm buying the dip at 125 ( after ATH 135 ) and it went to 90 some time after that .
Whats the clawback clause ?
Your portfolio shouldn't all be invested in one stock . If it is right now and you just got an influx of cash that you don't immediately need , IMO the best thing for you to do would be to make a series of small purchases in a balanced ETF consisting of stocks and bonds , spread out over weeks or months to allow for some degree of dollar cost averaging . You could also just put that money in a savings account and wait for a really big dip in the market . I know it sounds boring , but you can easily get a 5 % yield right now !
spread it out into a bunch of blue chips
Selling netflix at a loss and not picking up meta at $ 80 , are still very raw wounds ! Selling nvda now , sounds to me , in that catogory ?
Buy the dip on margin like the rest of us
Time to diversify or hold a cash for the next big correction !
Do not maintain a portfolio of 1 stock . Take a little of it and spend on something splurge-y for yourself , invest the rest in VOO and let it chill .
Yes . Horrible idea . Put it in SPY , throw some in UPRO so you can watch it grow fast ( hopefully ) or FNGU / FNGG / MAGX or something , but you need something more stable than NVDA , especially if that's all you have .
I believe you should diversify with maybe some bonds , and an S & P 500 fund
What ’ s dumb is thinking you ’ re going to get great investment advice from people on Reddit . Nobody knows what this is going to do long term . Everyone and their mothers believe this will be the leading stock / company several years in the future , but situations have happened where that ’ s been wrong in the past . To protect yourself , I wouldn ’ t have all your eggs in one basket .
Putting all your eggs in one basket is generally a poor idea . Maybe think about diversifying your portfolio by picking up ETFs
What would nana do
you need some diversification .
Yolo
What is your average cost basis ?
No . No no no no no . Diversify with broad market funds .
You've got enough in NVDA . Diversify if you haven't already .
Diversification is important .
Diversify ! If not wait for the next dip 100-110
Sell cc !
If it were me I ’ d take 10k and invest somewhere else . Keep the rest in your brokerage account so you can easily buy the dip on things .
Dude , if you asked that question 5 years ago ... And u bought it all lump ... Where do you think you'd be today . Tesla Nvidia Palantir The future bankroll builders . Just my own opinion . 30k in and see ya in 5-10 years buddy
For 30k build a diversified portfolio that is Nvidia heavy ? If you don ’ t need that 30k I would do it that way
Wait till 110 n buy
Ppl say it's dumb owning 1 stock bc you'll obviously get wrecked when it goes down , but I say do it ! Just sell covered calls against 1000 shares , maybe like 8 months out that are at least 20 % out of the money to de-risk .
People really come on here to answer their own questions for the public to see
Very dumb . Diversify . I love my dividend stocks and can usually count on them to just do their thing . After Nvidia earnings , it ’ s the perfect reason why you should diversify . If you have all your eggs in one basket , such as Nvidia , you ’ re unable to make cash flow adjustments if needed .
Buy TMF . Everything else is at a top , so bonds are the play now .
Buy after September . Thank me later
Buy apple man iPhone 16 reveal is around the corner
VOO ETF . If you do go all in on NVDA ( or VOO ) , I would dollar cost average $ 5K at a time over the next six months . History has shown that there is a big sell off shortly after first rate cut following several years of rates going up . It ’ s going to get choppy . Cash isn ’ t a bad position when we are hitting all time highs . Buy when it ’ s red and everyone is panicking . Then hold long . You will out perform your peers that trade and try to time the market . It took me a few decades to figure that out . Congrats on signing bonus and keep saving .
Go for it . It ’ s your money to risk .
Should start with making sure you have 50 % of your annual salary in cash in a money market fund for emergencies . Then you can start DCAing . Concentration builds wealth . Diversification protects wealth . You're in the first part .
A one stock bet is aggressive and time is on your side . I had heavily invested in a single stock many many years ago , Berkshire Hathaway . Yet , that stock functioned as a fee free mutual fund .
Don ’ t buy using all . Put 15k into a safe fund , a CD that is a 9 month protection from Yourself . Put $ 5k into NVDA for September and wait . Just wait .
So you own 15 shares and got a $ 300 sign on bonus at Mcdonalds ? ...
1 . Generally it is bad to have only 1 stock . 2 . If you want to buy NVDA with all of it , space it out over a month or two so you have a better chance to have a good avarage price / share .
buy all the Nvidia adjacent stocks ! Dell , Recursion etc ,
It's only dumb if it fails
Limit your opportunity to buy other good stocks when you need to because all your money tied up with one stock .
The more I like NVDA , the more I like GEV . You need to power those chips !
DIVERSIFY ! Use the 30k for long term investment e . g . some world or industry etf . Try a couple of industries and countries . Check after a year and sell the losers , buy the winners .
I would recommend 50 % nvda and 50 % VOO
If you sell and miss out you will regret forever . If you keep your shares it goes down deeper you will regret forever If you short and it soars you will regret forever
Me too , I put around 1M in nvda ... another 1M is at Apple and Amazon ... That's all my money , I don't own a house
I made 8 figure in a year with massive concentration in Nvidia . It ’ s now 80 % of my portfolio . Ignore what others are saying about concentration . Just dont over lever yourself or invest too much where you would need the liquidity . If you can hold on to it through volatility then you will be making a lot more money than the ones who are diversifying
You can write 15 covered calls above your cost basis for premium .
Buy a boat and enjoy it
Super dumb
Dumb in historical portfolios , but not dumb if youre portfolio jumped 50 % in less than 6 months - Like all of us ?
89 % of my portfolio is NVDA . But I ’ m up around 800-900 % now . That being said it ’ s very dumb . Small swings in price and it makes it tempting to sell .
Ya bought a hundred shares today at 121 , just plan to sit on them and never look at them 🤝
Really . Nothing makes sense . A company that depends on one product and the ' fundamentals ' are out the picture ? Which other stocks are overvalued that only offer one product ?
WHAT ABOUT THEIR RICH ?
It ’ s not free . It ’ s a sign on bonus . They earned it by being valuable in the job market
Don't believe everything you read
Probably 9k
And leave on a loss ?
The 90 was more hours than days , before full recovery
I ’ m confused , your sold Netflix before it boomed ?
Feels like it to me one is due but have been feeling like that for years already so who really knows 😂
Yeah but a boats price doesn ’ t go up and down everyday , where ’ s the fun in that ?
Well for a start , technically it's not a portfolio if it's just one symbol . Secondly , yes . Even if your portfolio jumped 50 % on the strength of Nvidia's performance , selling all your other stocks and funneling the lot into Nvidia is still idiotic .
Gambler mentality .
Yeah , but it's ok if you have $ 1000 portfolio ...
Mate if you were a major dot com company in the 90s had one product and also had major market share , chances are your stock price tanked when the bubble burst , but today you would be Amazon or likes of it . So , if the revenue is growing despite challenging pestel conditions , I think my money is safe here . AI is like the earlier internet , its great and all , but we don ’ t know whats the best use of it . What we do know is the day we figure out what it is is when we will be glad we held on to NVDA .
WHAT ABOUT MY RICH ?
don't believe everything you read
Na I got 15k sign on few years back paid like 7k taxes ☠ ️
What's your cost basis for the currently owned shares ? I would put the 30K in an index fund and decide on the portion of the 1500 shares you want to diversify and sell covered calls against them at your cost basis ( or little higher if you want ) . You could also decide to keep the current allocation as is if you plan on owning long term and feel confident that you can withstand extreme volatility . That takes very high mental fortitude ( to an unreasonable extent quite frankly imo ) .
jip
boring-haha
Nvda has a stake in so many companies / stock and diverse investments that I'll call nvda-stock alone my portfolio - sorry
Eh it ’ s 6 figures .
Was that your tax liability or is that what was paid out after tax withholdings ? What tax bracket are you in ?
oh ok ... so 001000 ?
Dont know the details but every 35 % of my check goes bye bye . I think some of my bonus went to my 401k
People really can't fathom that another man is richer ? 100k is not that hard to obtain
You just need to adjust your W4 so less taxes are taken out of your paycheck . Here are the tax brackets . The majority of middle class workers are in the 22-24 % brackets . You would have to make over 578k per year after deductions to owe 37 % in taxes . https://www.irs.gov/filing/federal-income-tax-rates-and-brackets
It is for most people on here ...
Yeah that ’ s just federal . Unfortunately I live in California so I have state tax that ’ s decently steep . Plus I pay some for social security etc so my take home was like 8-9 k . I want to say bonus is taxed slightly higher
It was 5 figures cost basis during the pandemic that was just all my Intel money I sold and put into NVDA at the time . Now its a decent 6 figure amount . Call it dumb luck . Probably will never get a return like this in my life hence its stupid af to put most of your portfolio in one stock .
Definitely but it's still gonna double in 5 years is my guess . If not from 120 then it'll fall to 90 and double from there .
There's Jackson hole meeting this week prolly there will be slight dip across all stocks Personally I see Nvidia goes to 135 + near er
NVDA will destroy earnings . That ’ s the rumor my belief in the rumor is the fact every tech company has been publicly stating they are continuing and will continue to pump massive amounts into AI and NVDA .
I don ’ t think people will take profit right before like they did in March . Nvidia has solidified themselves and then some for like 6 more months
It will be interesting if we get a huge earnings beat with great forward guidance . This , combined with fed showing their hands this week that they ’ ll cut in sept . Combined with actually cutting rates , could cause a massive Spike . In this scenario , 150 + easily .
$ 185 answered the same question on a similar post
Isn ’ t the trend usually spike hard after earnings than lots of volatility afterwards ?
\ ~ $ 145 - $ 150 \ ~ | ER $ 168 \ ~ \ ~ EOY / $ 180 - $ 200 .
I agree ✈ ️
$ 200 all the way !
I personally think we'll be close to 140 by the end of the week , 150 around earnings , and a minimum 10 % bump after earnings .
I suspect it will jump another $ 10 / share by ER but I sold CC ’ s ATM for 2 weeks out to collect $ 7 / share premium because I ’ m a wuss .
I've been saying for a couple of months that I expected 125 pre-ER and 135 post-ER settling back to 130 . But here we are , sitting at exactly 130 . So who knows ? I am convinced enough that it will be significantly higher in 3 weeks that I converted almost 50K of NVDA to NVDL for the short term . I'm now hoping to sell at 140 .
140 before earning and sell off to 110 a week after
Oh man , tmmr is the day we shall see . Currently holding 2000 shares , I think we can hit 145 tmmr
Ahh yes the nice and safe conservative approach that assumes NVDA market cap grows by a few hundred billion within a few weeks
For good earning , it will go up to around 130 ~ 135 and reach a new high within a month or so . But it will drop until the next earnings .
man yall gettin my hopes up with my $ 115 calls smh ..
* Aug 2024 NVDA to $ 160 ( First to $ 4T ) * Nov 2024 NVDA to $ 200 * Feb 2025 NVDA to $ 240 If you didn't know ... now you know !
$ 130 would be the high side . It needs to go lower to truly return to ATH . Look at the daily .
Pushes up higher this week and then dives back down to the teens , maybe by end of this week or start of next week . It ’ s done this on the lead up to every earnings the past few years .
$ 69
Calls before earnings , sell 2 days before . And then Puts on the day of earnings just before close .
$ 135 EOW . 💪 ✍ ️
Based on price action right now I wouldn't be surprised
I have not heard of any single company with CapEx that would refuse to pull the trigger on any NVDA hardware if given an opportunity to get its hands on some . NOT ONE COMPANY WOULD REFUSE TO BUY
Why 185 ? That seems absurdly high right now lol .
IV decreases the day of earnings typically but if actual volatility increases through a spike in pricing then yes ? As for price , yes the pattern in the past 2 earnings has been a spike in the price 1-2 weeks after .
It ’ s a possibility there are plenty of us and institutional investors that are planning on holding .
I want to sell covered calls but do am confused on a few things . I have enough shares but let's say I sell 145 calls for 8/ 23 what happens if they sell the call before expiration for a profit .
Like it did the past few weeks ?
We ’ re in the same boat .
It's already $ 126.49 now .
$ 130 was today lmao .
You're 100 % right . Been here since 2018 and it's the same pattern . The downvotes are completely unfair .
Umm not it hasn ’ t . It has averaged at least a 6 percent pump on day of earnings .
remind me of this !
I will never time the market with Nvda and Pltr , my retirement stocks . They can sit pretty and comfort me through my lifetime downs . Looking at my DPO Pltr shares certainly makes me happy . 💕 My joke is I want these to be my longest relationships .
> what happens if they sell the call before expiration for a profit . Then they sold the call before expiration for a profit .
If they sell the call they bought from you - they are just selling it to someone else . You can still hold it until expiration if you want to .
They can sell the call for profit , or they can exercise the calls , then he would be buying your shares , at $ 145 each .
It's already $ 126.11 now .
And my Sept 20 $ 120 calls are happy for it . As are my Octobers ! Believe me , I'm happy to have my high side target taken out in a day - but I didn't see Goldman Sachs coming out with a $ 200 + bull target . But hey , I only have a $ 32 cost basis and held since 2018 . I must be doing something right x
Learn how to read . The OP referred to prediction running UP TO earnings , not day of . And I also clearly stated “ lead up to ” day of earnings . I ’ m bullish NVDA as much as the rest of you with 20 Jan 25 calls , but shit don ’ t go up in a straight line . Go look at the charts for the past 6 ERs specifically 2 weeks leading up to earnings date . The delusions in this sub are starting to resemble meme stocks cults .
Oh I hear you . My longest relationship is my Hawaiian Airlines credit card and my T mobile account . lol . Just incase dork forget to put stop losses on your stocks . Luckily I had one on NVDA when it dropped down to 90 and was able to capture strong profit then I jumped back in .
I meant as the seller of that call what happens . I keep my shares and the premium ?
got it . That makes sense
what happens to you when they sell the call for profit . do you lose anything ?
It ’ s already $ 124.44 now .
Only person here with sensible opinions on the stock .
Goldman put out a research report that they estimate 600k Blackwells produced oct-Dec of this year . That ’ s $ 24B in revenue on top of the revenue they currently have . They guided $ 28B for this quarter . Add in the Blackwell revenue , and a $ 52B quarter guidance could push $ 300 + $ 210 is my post earnings PT for 09/20 . I have a ladder from $ 120-180 with a breakeven of $ 152 . All aboard .
how much are your calls ?
Lead up has increased as well not sank , go do some MR . Meme stock ? Lmao . What world are you living in ? It ’ s all a game . For example an imaginary coin is worth 50k it ’ s insanity .
Good for you ! I was too chicken to make any moves and I ’ m glad I did nothing lol . I think me and EBay are official . Maybe circa 2001 . Hawaiian Airlines is a very classy partner !
Options are a signed agreement by you ( the owner of the shares ) and whoever holds that agreement . When / if they sell , they don't sell it back to you . They can't make you buy it back . Someone else buys the contract if the original buyer decides to sell it . You are still obligated by that agreement you signed and sold , just to someone else now . That whole thing is irrelevant to you . What's relevant is you have to buy it back on your end if you want to close it out , who you buy it back from is also irrelevant as long as the values equal out . Don't think it in terms of a direct trade with one person , there are tens of thousands of contracts changing hands thus any two identical ones are the same value and can be exchanged / substituted . So in your case and to answer your question , think of it this way . It's like if I told you I'll sell you 100 apples for $ 2 each by end of august whenever you want , but for me to hold the apples I want you to pay me a deposit of $ 50 . If you don't buy them by that date , then I will not honor this agreement but keep your deposit obviously . I am giving you the option to buy my apples for $ 2ea only if you want to , but you are not obligated to buy it if you don't want to . You agree and pay me $ 50 ( my premium ) and I sign a legally binding paper for this agreement to WHOEVER ( not only you ) holds that paper . You keep this paper you paid $ 50 for , so that's the value of that paper . Then let's say apples became high in demand , they are being sold for $ 2.5 at the supermarket . You are lucky , the paper you are holding is worth more now because you can buy my apples for under the supermarket price . Now , you can exercise that agreement and buy 100 apples from me for $ 200 which is $ 50 cheaper than if you bought it from the market . Or you can sell that paper agreement to someone else for more than the $ 50 you paid me and make a profit easy . As the signer of that paper , I am still legally bound by that agreement to the new owner otherwise he would be getting screwed . Since you are selling the calls , now imagine you are the apple seller . That's where you are if the original buyer sold it to someone else , you are still obligated by the paper you sold , to sell your shares at the strike price you sold the call for IF they exercise it . So , no you don't really know if you'll keep your shares and the premium yet , the contract you signed and sold is still active and you are obligated by it . It is just being held by someone else . As long as the option is open and you didn't buy one back to cancel out yours ( meaning you pay back the premium you collected less or more than what you got depending if the stock moved up or down since you sold the option ) , then the holder of the call you sold can exercise it and buy your shares from you . Also they can exercise at any time , not only at the end . it doesn't make sense to exercise it before it reaches the strike + whatever they paid for the option contract ( breakeven ) because it would be cheaper to buy stocks from the market thus they'd lose money , but it can happen nonetheless . Thus by selling calls you are either hoping that stock doesn't reach the strike price and expires worthless so you keep the premium , or you feel ok to sell the stocks at the strike price you sold your call for . it hits the strike price and the buyer exercises it so you keep the premium plus sell the 100 stocks for more than what you paid for making a nice profit . Meanwhile at any point you can buy back the option to close it out , which will worth more if the stock moved up thus you lose money . Or stock moved down and you buy the option cheaper than what you sold it for thus you kept some of the premium and made money . but now you are not obligated to sell your stocks anymore . I am sure this can be explained in a much shorter way than I wrote but hope it helps , and congrats and fuck you for having so many Nvidia I am jealous lol .
If nobody executes it then yes . You want them to expire if you want to keep the shares
No , after you sell a CC , all you have to look for is the strike at expiration to see if they ’ ll exercise or not . The premium you collect is yours .
And downvoted to oblivion . This was before market opened for the week BTW .
Glad to stick to targets . Re-upping .
$ 90 strike , expire Jan 25 , paid $ 21.50 . Was going to buy that big Monday dip thinking it would drop further through the day , but the low end up being the opening price and thought I missed the boat . Then got lucky when it dropped throughout the following Wednesday afternoon and I snagged some near EoD .
Please remember to always protect yourself from loss . It ’ s such an easy game . Sell high and always put a stop loss on all of your stocks incrementally as they move higher . For example you buy NVDA at 75 once it gets to 140 put a stop loss sale on it for 130 so your account atomically trades and locks you in for a profit . Then when the stock dips you can buy again . Yes eBay is classic and fun . Regretfully I ’ m a little to into Amazon these days as I don ’ t have to go out and shop saves me lots of time . I hope your stocks make you money and don ’ t forget to take profits .
lol This helps . Thanks
Thanks for the info . Greatly appreciated
I work in the industry , I ’ m telling you . You are more spot than this subreddit
wow 90
No you don ’ t . Thats horrible advice .
No problem .
Taking profits ? And stop loss on a stock is horrible advice ? It ’ s the best advice anyone can ever give regarding stocks . It ’ s the advice I ’ ve followed to live a very decent life and provide very well for my own .
I'm not worried about it . We are 2-3 years from this mooning . ups and downs are normal . AI isn't going back into the bottle .
It moons and has to come back to earth for supplies and then moons again , the question is what NVDA ship are you on , the one to the moon or the one to earth ? Good news as long as you stay on the the ship you will have a chance to build out your portfolio with higher gains 🚀 🌖
I ’ m on the Ship
well done !
on the ship 🫡
It can run up 20 points IN A SINGLE DAY ON A COMPETITORS POSITIVE REPORT . If you don ’ t think it can break 140 resistance ever again ? I guess take profits at your first chance
It's spread out over the year . They are basically taking supply away , a shift of the supply line to the left in basic econ 101 . This means price should increase . The daily trading volume is like 350 million shares . This comes out to about $ 40 billion with today's price . With $ 50 + 12 billion from last year to deploy , this should give the price good support . Or they could just be dampening out the shares sold by executives and employees .
Its basically a flexible budget they can use to put a floor under the stock in the event that short sellers decide to push the stock hard . Its entirely possible they will blow through that amount of money in a few trading days , but its much more likely they will put the money to work at the bottom of the monthly trading range month after month until its spent . I would expect they wont spend it all at once unless its a crisis moment so it wouldn't surprise me if they put 5-10 billion dollars worth of buy orders at the bottom of the monthly expected move ( spread out over several price points ) and leave that in place for the month . If the orders dont fill they reset the following month and continue on . Each month they would have a decent chance of spending some of the money or none at all . The key thing is that they dont necessarily want to spend the money . They want to imply they will spend the money and then see price action stay above that . If they pull it off right they wont spend much of the money at all and the stock price will appreciate as a result . Reality though is that they will likely spend some of it every few months and it will be money well spent if it helps rebound the stock price up a bit upon encountering those buy orders .
It is bullish . It reduces the share count . 1 share is worth a higher percentage of the company's value than before the buybacks .
To be fair while 50B is a lot , it has more signal value than a direct effect on the stock price . $ 50B is not much compared to a 3T market cap
These are questions worth asking . I didn ’ t know either .
They will not announce it and you won't find out since it will be spaced out over months . It won't really affect the stock prices .
when it bottoms out . I had heard previously they needed more shares to give out as incentives to employees .
It ’ s a discretionary ‘ when we want to , we have this amount of $ set aside ’ type thing . There ’ s a team within corporate finance that has a methodology for deciding how much when at what price . During the plunge early August there was a big surge in buybacks market wide . A lot of them just use basic trend indicators like 200 day or 40 week moving avg and those signals were firing off . Some like Berkshire ’ s team may use more fundamental measures like some ratio of book value to share price to decide when things look “ cheap ” . It ’ s never an all at once thing , nor is it mandatory . You ’ ll never notice it unless the people responsible for it are really bad at their jobs .
Let me ChatGPT that for you ( one would think Nvidia investors would use that first ): When companies have stock buyback programs , they repurchase their own shares from the open market , directly from shareholders , or through tender offers . Here's a breakdown of when and how they buy the stock back : # When Companies Buy Back Stock : 1 . * * Timing * * : Companies typically buy back shares when they believe their stock is undervalued , they have excess cash , or they want to return value to shareholders . Buybacks often occur over a period of time rather than all at once , allowing companies to take advantage of price fluctuations . 2 . * * Authorization and Discretion * * : A company ’ s board of directors authorizes a stock buyback program , setting a maximum dollar amount or number of shares to be repurchased . The actual timing of the buybacks is usually at the discretion of management , allowing them flexibility to execute based on market conditions . 3 . * * Quiet Periods * * : Companies generally avoid buybacks during " quiet periods " — typically the time shortly before earnings announcements or other major corporate events — to avoid any appearance of insider trading . # How Companies Buy Back Stock : 1 . * * Open Market Purchases * * : The most common method , where companies buy shares directly from the market like any other investor . This is done through a broker , and purchases are spread over time to minimize impact on the stock price . 2 . * * Tender Offers * * : The company offers to buy back a specific number of shares at a premium to the current market price . Shareholders can choose to sell their shares back at the offered price . This method can be faster but is generally more expensive . 3 . * * Private Negotiations * * : Companies may negotiate directly with large shareholders to buy back shares . This is less common and usually done when a significant amount of stock needs to be bought quickly without affecting the market price . 4 . * * Accelerated Share Repurchase ( ASR ) * * : In this method , the company buys a large block of shares upfront from an investment bank , which then buys shares over time to cover the short position . ASRs provide an immediate reduction in share count but are often costlier due to the premium paid to the investment bank . # Key Considerations : * * * Regulatory Compliance * * : Companies must comply with SEC rules ( in the U . S . ) or equivalent regulations in other countries , such as the Rule 10b - 18 , which provides a " safe harbor " for companies buying back their shares in a way that limits market manipulation . * * * Disclosure * * : Companies must disclose their buyback plans in their financial statements and sometimes through press releases , detailing the extent of the buybacks and their impact on financial metrics like earnings per share ( EPS ) . * * * Impact on Stock Price * * : While buybacks can support or increase the stock price by reducing the supply of shares , the actual impact depends on the size of the buyback relative to the market and the perception of the company ’ s financial health . This approach helps companies manage their capital structure , reward shareholders , and potentially boost the stock price over time .
When you sell
When it retests support levels ... everyone likes a deal !
50b on a 3t company is like 1.67 %
No , this is not bullish on the stock . It ’ s bullish on the company . It ’ s not done all at once .
Priced in
when it hits $ 92 next week
No effect , this news is actually bearish because the executive knows the bubble is popping
I believe on the call they said they had 7.5 B left from the last authorization , not 12B .
Comparing an actual expenditure vs . a market capitalization is not an apples to apples comparison . It blows my mind how often people compare market caps to things that make no sense to be compared to . Basically you can compare market caps to other market caps and that's about it .
They could start buying every day , and will announce when done .
lol , so all the buy backs from Apple last period didn ’ t affect the stock price ? 😂 😂 😂 get the fuck out of here with that bullshit .
It's not quite simple like that . Most shares are not traded daily . The daily traded volume now is like 350 million shares , which is about 40 billion .
It's 2 SMCIs
Their profit on an annual basis is about equal to this buyback .
I agree with you ! It absolutely astounds me how people can't understand a buyback will positively impact the share price . I am just SMH about all the mal-informed posts here on the buyback program .
I dont reallt think share volume matters . They are not doing it at once , they are spreading out the purchases over a long period . Also , in theory the same single stock could be traded 400 million times back and forth and it would lead to that volume . Here they are removing supply of shares
Ok then buy back today with all 50b jensen , we need a big green day
This is not the first time , but check back in a month and see where the stock price is
Ever since we got phones that allowed us to access our brokerages easily , and then trading became free , the market inherited a whole lot of uneducated investors . There are a lot of people that don't understand what's going on , don't know how to interpret what's going on , know nothing about the semiconductor industry , know nothing about Nvidia , and they invest in Nvidia simply because they want to get rich . People that do not know what they are invested in will sell off if there is a slight gust of wind . Consolidation is good , though . I would rather some consolidation so it will tame some of the volatility . The other plus to less volatility is that Nvidia will be less attractive to the people who have been trying to daytrade it . That will compound an increase of stability . We need as many gamblers out of this stock as possible .
Earnings beat was priced in . It ’ s fine , but the stock is growing for what they ’ re saying about growth in 2026 , no one is surprised by the short term beats
I ’ m very impressed with their earnings … Wall Street will follow . This is an overreaction per usual
This is the best explanation I have found . https://finance.yahoo.com/news/the-biggest-challenge-for-nvidia-stock-in-one-chart-142146081.html
Zoom out on your chart ; they are more than impressed .
Market is irrational . When stock goes up they will say NVDA beats expectation . When stock goes down they said it's because they didn't beat enough . People / news media want to find rationality around black swan events .
Because line went down when we all wanted to go up . Unimpressive line movement unrelated to fundamentals
They manipulating the market buddy , they don't want traders to win
Next quarter they forecasts going from $ 30 to $ 32 billion . Their current price requires much higher growth than that . They are a great one trillion company . They aren't a $ 3 trillion company .
There are so many factors at play that it ’ ll make your head spin . From my understanding , investors expected a better turnout on earnings . Although NVIDIA beat analyst estimates , it did not beat investor ’ s estimates .
2-3 weeks ago NVDA was under 100 and ran up over 40 % from its bottom . You probably didn't buy at bottom , but people did and probably taking profit since earnings / outlook were good , but not blowout good .
Can you imagine if Blackwell was up and ready to go , maybe then the results we wanted would have come into reality but thank goodness they crushed ER and we are sideways . Imagine if they missed we ’ d be down - 20 % or more easily
I always assume price has a premium for exuberant morons and occasionally an unfair discount from short sellers . Most popular stocks have a decent amount of pressure from both camps but frequently one side dominates and that is how you get stuff like what happened here . I frequently buy the big dips and then sell to the exuberant crowd on the way back up . That approach has served me well . This time around I bought $ 105 calls and sold $ 120 calls . I closed the position this morning for $ 14 and I opened it just the other day for around $ 11 . Personally I think Nvda is a great company and likely worth more than the current price but I'm happy to keep my position size relatively low because I prefer to have more capital to use in option trades . It could be that in a year it's lower than here and in 5 years it's gone up by several hundred percent . It's also possible it will go way up and 5 years from now be right back to this price .
Everyone expects to become a over night millionaire
We also have Dell and Broadcom reporting after the bell . I assume that is part of the reason for the pullback this afternoon in the Nasdaq
It ’ s because they didn ’ t “ CRUSH ” . It was already overpriced before earnings . The expectation that it would CRUSH the earnings report was already priced in . But it didn ’ t crush . It just beat the earnings report . That ’ s why today ’ s price is not yesterday ’ s price .
Aug - Oct are typically bearish especially during an election year .
I'm impressed
Dead Wrong . Any rational investor is immense ; y impressed .
They were impressed . Just too many call options to let retail win .
I was so impressed that I bought more on the dip ! I will see you all at the end of 2025 when the stock price is over 300.00 per share !
Guidance less than hyped expectations , not firm enough on Blackwell additive revenue
I had to sell almost half my shares earlier this year to pay off tax and debt . After the earnings call drop I decided to buy back the majority of my shares , I have 89 % of my original shares now .
Cause the stocks up 144 % ytd . That's not impressive enough ?
This is not the first time , but check back in a month and see where the stock price is .
The big guys are f * cking with the individual investors . This is really crazy and is against all planning and analysis .
$ 3T company trading at like 40x sales . The expectations are ridiculous . Stop asking this question .
We are cooked
The market is usually 1-2 years ahead of retail . Everything ’ s been priced in - yes it ’ ll grow but not nearly at the same rate as the last 2 years
They / we are impressed . The sell off really revolves around OI . In a matter of 48 hours to 1.3 weeks NVDA will resume it ’ s trajectory upwards .
They didn ’ t crush it enough
[ deleted ]
It was expected for them to beat expectation by a bigger margin . Also Jensen needs to prep better . He sounded so defeated on the call when the results are incredible . I think that's where Elon is a better CEO , he knows how to twist even the worst TSLA earnings into a positive .
Better then checking the charts every day , see yall in a month ( jokes I will be checking the charts and reddit multiple times a day ) remind me ! 1 month
10-4
I think the retail participating in day trading is less to blame for the volatility then the multitude of HFT and hedge fund algorithms . The volume on the stock has consistently been above 300 000 000 shares over the last 10 years ( usually much more ) which is hundreds of millions of dollars daily ( when the stock was priced at 60ish cents post split over the period 2007-2015 ) and more recently represents billions of dollars daily ( post 2017 ) . That isnt new investors fucking about on robinhood , thats massive institutional money changing hands every day . Wall street is one giant casino , and the biggest gamblers are never going to leave a multi trillion dollar company alone . The stock market has always had this , but since the massive corporate stimulus from covid and compounding effects of virtually free money over the last 1.5 decades its not going getting any better . Then when banks overleveraged and get cooked , the Fed introduce new liquidity backstops to keep those too big to fail and the system chugging along
I like how you said all that but still didn ’ t tell OP what ’ s going on 😂
excellent image
Are there investors that really didn't expect revenue growth decline though ? It's been pretty obvious for more than a year that this 200 % + YoY growth was only going to last for around a year .
Explain how that is done then . Not just some vague explanation please
I think guidance next earnings and Q2 earnings in fiscal 26 is going to be the make or break for Nvidia . Whether Blackwell carries this company and cements its place among the top or if demand has slowed and profits with them , causing them to drop to the $ 1.5- 2T range as competitors begin to catch up .
It's wild . Everyone wants 30 % gains a month
When did I say that I would be an overnight millionaire ?
Fingers crossed … according to Pelosi ( the worlds best inside trader ) she ’ s purchased 5 million dollars worth of NVDA shares in July alone . See you at the top bud 🫡
[ deleted ]
I ’ m asking not only for myself but for other NVDA holders that may be a bit confused . I agree that the harsh expectations are ridiculous . It ’ s just that I KNOW that NVIDIA is a great company , aside from all of the A . I hype that has swirled the stock for the past year . I ’ m just curious as to why all of a sudden investors are like “ nah , we ’ re good ” after continuously marking NVDA as a bullish stock .
Nah .
Can you elaborate ? OI ? I'm expecting it to resume on Tuesday after the bank holiday . But i'm speculating because weekly options expire tomorrow .
I wonder why anyone is projecting that revenues are going to drop in 2026 , when Blackwell , a platform that took 5 years to develop is being released ? Here's an interview with Jensen from Bloomberg , after the earnings call , yesterday . The first couple of minutes they talk about Blackwell the most . https://youtu.be/NC5NZPrxbHk?si=fjaY4zLxj__dtQAi
I agree that Hedge funds are the main volume of NVidia . I think institutions own well above 60 % of total NVidia shares . I can't remember off of the top of my head at the moment , and of course I'm not sure exactly what percentage of volume is owed to institutions on a daily basis . I feel like we wouldn't have half the gamblers if this were back when we had to either be investing via PC , or have a broker . Now anyone can trade anywhere . Used to if someone wanted to day trade , the only way to do it was to not be at work . Where I am the market opens at 8: 30 and closes at 3PM . If someone has a dollar in the bank , they can invest . This has brought a new type of investor to the market . If we adjusted the cost per trade with the loss in value of the American ( and other currencies ) dollar ( if there were still trading fees on all platforms ) , it would be pretty pricey in the eyes of most day traders who start out with a small amount . I think today's average day trader wouldn't trade a day in their life if this were in the 90s or early 2000s . If the market wasn't so easily accessible , investors wouldn't be able to make decisions on the fly . Most wouldn't even be off of work to listen to an earnings call . In that scenario ( basically taking investing back 2 decades ) people wouldn't feel confident to place bets , knowing they'll be at work and have no idea if their account is going to be wiped out when they get home . People would think things through more . This is all ( all of my posts in this thread ) of course an opinion on only one aspect , but it seems we have as many ( if not more ) Reddit posts from people asking when they should buy or sell , talking about calls and puts etc . If that's any reflection , there are a lot of people adding to the volatility , if not the majority ( minus institutions ) . My main thought is that even real investors and institutions are influenced by others . They have to look at forums and be aware of what people are thinking . It helps them make better decisions . When institutions see half of the people on forums in panic I think it starts to cloud their judgement , as well .
I'll give it another whirl ! Real " investors " are impressed . It " looks " like investors are not impressed , because we have an over abundance of uneducated investors who sell off when they see the price do anything other than what they expect . When this happens , it drives the price down further . It's not just because of a few whales selling off . I don't believe it would be so severe if we had more solid footed investors .
They knew but if the revenue growth slows so does the stock price growth .
It's not , just another cope by the bagholders . It's a trillion dollar stock with many people up big for the past few years dumping on top bubble buyers now
It's an overpriced stock . To go up at this level of capitalization , you need almost a fresh trillion dollar in to reach $ 140 + . Who is going to throw that , though ?
You said " investors "
There's going to be a rally like the stock market has never seen before . Traders are going to be calling Jensen and saying , Sir , this is too much , please stop this rally .
Asking for a friend lol
I see where you are getting at on the OI for weeklies , but that neglects consideration for next week which also has considerable OI on 9/6 ’ s too . It is possible that after close on Friday we see the stock begin its climb , but it ’ s more likely that begins at the end of next week . This is why my calls are dated further out , because the OI being so high running through 9/6 created considerable risk of options being burned on both ends . As a stock holder I have no worries whatsoever and expect the stock to end the year around $ 150 . As a call holder , I am not worried because theta decay is not a part of my equation , because I only hold 6 calls expiring by 6/13 , which I bought while everyone was going crazy over the carry trade and calling that “ the depression ” . I ’ m assuming you have shares and the best anyone can say is hold those shares and relax , NVDA is going to recover these minimal losses and be back on track very soon .
[ deleted ]
LOL K
Oh I apologize … I misunderstood what you meant . I thought you were talking about me as if I was a short term holder looking for huge gains . lol . I was referring to wall street investors .
Remindme ! 1 month
I do have shares , i dont do options because I never dealt with them and I think it will give me more anxiety than I already have :P I'm holding , I don't see any point in selling , especially after seeing how great their earnings are . 50B share buyback is great . The note jensen mentioned about CPU data centers valued at 1T having to shift to GPUs in the near future is also great prospect for Nvidia . Not to mention the entire list of possibilities they can do with GPUs and AI models . I think looking at stocks on daily basis clouds your judgement , it's better to look at hourly and daily charts to get a better prespective , Also many price targets got bumped up , the average forecasted price now is projected at $ 148 . With the lowest being $ 90 .
I don't remember her saying anything like that . Check out the video . He says the opposite , and this is after the earnings call .
You asked for K ? https://imgur.com/pVWautm
I will be messaging you in 1 month on [ * * 2024-09- 29 15:51 : 04 UTC * * ] ( http://www.wolframalpha.com/input/?i=2024-09-29%2015:51:04%20UTC%20To%20Local%20Time ) to remind you of [ * * this link * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f44fzv/why_are_investors_not_impressed_with_nvda_right/lkir73m/?context=3 ) [ * * 1 OTHERS CLICKED THIS LINK * * ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5Bhttps%3A%2F%2Fwww.reddit.com%2Fr%2FNVDA_Stock%2Fcomments%2F1f44fzv%2Fwhy_are_investors_not_impressed_with_nvda_right%2Flkir73m%2F%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%202024-09-29%2015%3A51%3A04%20UTC ) to send a PM to also be reminded and to reduce spam . ^ ( Parent commenter can ) [ ^ ( delete this message to hide from others . ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Delete%20Comment&message=Delete%21%201f44fzv ) * * * | [ ^ ( Info ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/r/RemindMeBot/comments/e1bko7/remindmebot_info_v21/ ) | [ ^ ( Custom ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=Reminder&message=%5BLink%20or%20message%20inside%20square%20brackets%5D%0A%0ARemindMe%21%20Time%20period%20here ) | [ ^ ( Your Reminders ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=RemindMeBot&subject=List%20Of%20Reminders&message=MyReminders%21 ) | [ ^ ( Feedback ) ] ( https://www.reddit.com/message/compose/?to=Watchful1&subject=RemindMeBot%20Feedback ) | | - | - | - | - |
I suggest avoiding options unless you really have a firm grasp on what you are doing . If you pay attention to OI this week you are going to see about 90 % of options expire worthless . NVDA will likely sit somewhere between 120-130 burning majority of both calls and puts holders . I expect this to be the case next week too , but closing the week slightly above $ 130 , which would ensure theta decay destroys those $ 130 call holders . NVDA is a rock solid company and a great investment . Even if you bought in at the top for a long term hold play it will be worth it . People love to yammer on about competition , but those people often don ‘ t consider or understand design and manufacturing . Currently , everything is either being designed or built specifically with one of NVDA ’ s chips in mind . You can ’ t just go around swapping GPU ’ s . NVDA is going to dominate this market for a long time , but I do believe there will be competition one day and when that comes NVDA will still be one of the industry leaders . They are MSFT or AAPL , etc , etc . They have solidified their place for long term .
I listened to the entire earnings call . They didnt say anything about declining growth [ https://www.fool.com/earnings/call-transcripts/2024/08/28/nvidia-nvda-q2-2025-earnings-call-transcript/ ] ( https://www.fool.com/earnings/call-transcripts/2024/08/28/nvidia-nvda-q2-2025-earnings-call-transcript/ ) Here is the transcript , please show us a quote . :)
LOL K
Yeah I know that's why I don't touch them and my account isn't even authorised to do options so better for me xD
META , one of our biggest clients . Sweet . Tomorrow , we rock !
Qualcomm and Arm had good earnings as well . Should pump tomorrow .
Qualcomm as well : Wireless chipmaker Qualcomm ( NASDAQ : QCOM ) reported Q2 CY2024 results topping analysts ' expectations , with revenue up 11.1 % year on year to $ 9.39 billion . Guidance for next quarter's revenue was also optimistic at $ 9.9 billion at the midpoint , 2 % above analysts ' estimates . It made a non-GAAP profit of $ 2.33 per share , improving from its profit of $ 1.87 per share in the same quarter last year . Green week ahead for Nvidia ...
NVDA is already way up in after hours trading . Up to $ 119.20 thus far ... and still rising . I sold several calls early today - weekly's for 8/ 2 . Some at $ 118 and $ 121 . I am going to have to roll it .. But I will gladly do so after the downturn we've experienced the past 2 weeks .
Arm had average guidance , in line but nothing special . They wiil probably lag a bit .
[ deleted ]
rip Arm . - 10 % after market
I meant to say NVDA ... one letter mistake ...
To be fair arm had an insane p / e , it was run up too high and needed a correction . I don ’ t have a stake in it but might if it falls another 20-30 %
lol rsi was the same for a lot of tech
LFG
QQ - where do you get the RSI ... have seen a few sources and they never match
Yeah well how about the fact that the float is only 4 % owned by insiders . What does that tell you ? Let ’ s also look at the volume which has been massive from the blow off top at $ 140 . That is the big money saying we made 1500 % let ’ s move on . It doesn ’ t matter if every retail investor in the world loves the stock you can ’ t outrun the big money selling .
Is it a good time to buy right now or just hold on and see what happens ?
this is NVDA , and apply only to NVDA
Easiest place for most people to get it is on finance.yahoo.com or tradingview . Add the rsi indicator and make sure interval is consistent . I use day interval because I swing trade rather than day trade .
How does this question get asked with every $ volatility 💀
I just bought my first stock as a teens so I recommend buy it now
Thanks MrObviously ! ! !
They need it to stay below 130 until Friday minimum . This lets the 130 call holders expire worthless , but if you account for the higher premiums , it needs to stay below like 135 ish or something I haven't looked since yesterday . But also we're going into September , which is historically a bad month , along with rate cuts that in the short term typically cause a sell off . So who knows what's gonna happen ?
No . It ’ s not going to do anything special from here on out . Invest for the long term . Should return 15-20 % average per year . Better than SPY and more in line with the rest of the tech sector .
We ’ re going to need one quarter looking back of significant Blackwell deliveries , with little to no failure / warping for the price targets people were touting before yesterday . It ’ s not impossible at all , but the messaging around Blackwell and the issues / fixes was very vague , too vague for a lot of the market makers . If you ’ re planning on holding for 1 + years I don ’ t think there is anything to worry about
The selling is not done . Options expire tomorrow , so it will continue for the rest of the week at least .
What are the options looking like ? Still not friday yet .
OTM calls were the way to go
Institutions have been dumping for months
Looks like we ’ re cooked
I am going to let some CSPs I sold at $ 130 and $ 131 get assigned . I got $ 7.50 and $ 8.00 premium on those , so effective cost is really like $ 122.50- $ 123 . I am fine with that .
Google the news ! NVDA , Microsoft and Apple to invest 100 billion dollars in openai , what did these companies see to warrant investing 100 billions dollar !
Big move has happened , now we are in the incremental phase . Year over year comps will constrain wild growth . Huge growth will now come from the AI support software . That will be the next phase that will see exponential growth . You can probably figure out which company that is !
I have a limit buy at 110 . Thinking I'll get it Friday or Monday .
I've gained ~ % 1800 on NVDA . It already mooned . Get over your FOMO .
How the f is the whole tech market green while the company that beats every expectation is river red … I ’ m sure it has nothing to do with the thousands of call options from 120 and up … . guess we ’ ll be seeing more red until next week till till they shake retail off and collect their phfat call premiums , those cunts
Lol , everyone on this sub is retail . NVDA has already reached the moon at $ 3T market cap . 30-50 % drop is easily on the table .
That bag of s ... t aint gonna fly to the moon anytime soon ...
This is a realistic take . We're heading into the Doldrums because a lot of people , and especially the big dogs , profit and loss harvest in September . August and September are always fairly ugly if you look at them in a vacuum .
Your conclusion is right on . Who knows ? ? ?
> along with rate cuts that in the short term typically cause a sell off . Correlation vs causation . Are people selling because of rate cuts or are the rate cuts related to a bigger economic issue and people are reacting to that ? The Fed is never acting to help / hinder the stock market but the underlying economy . So the question is whether you think these rate cuts are coming just in time or too late . If the later , you should expect the market to fall , if the former expect it to raise .
Tin foil hat energy
People overestimate the short term gains and underestimate the long term . In the next year will we see general artificial intelligence or advanced robotics folding our laundry ? No , we'll see better copywriters and RAG LLM models but nothing truly innovative . In the next 5 years though , we will go through a renaissance of data processing and artificial intelligence . Nvda becoming a 10T company is a low estimate . People just are unable to view a future that hasn't happened
just a few days ago people here predicted much higher percentages : https://www.reddit.com/r/NVDA_Stock/comments/1f1jajy/price_prediction_next_5_years_week_of_aug_26th/
There is so much money in nvidia perhaps the people that took profit invested in other stocks for the time being
Not a chance . The over leveraged retail are likely out and have been buying back in . I expect this to incrementally walk to about 130 .
I think it's just both . People expect higher inflation after a rate cut so they have to price it on , causing the drop , but honestly I couldn't tell you . I'm just saying historically .
And visit being what it is , they were spectacularly wrong .
As if some no name Redditor jerking off in their mom ’ s basement and posting screenshots carries any weight ?
Again , the fed doesn't act to help / hurt the market . Historically , rate cuts align with signs a hot economy is cooling and more often than not they are conservative in their actions meaning rate cuts tend to be reactionary to an economy which is already facing issues . EDIT : [ " Since 1970 , the S & P 500 has climbed an average of 18 % one year after the first rate cut in non-recessionary periods " ] ( https://www.reuters.com/markets/rates-bonds/us-rate-cuts-near-economic-soft-landing-odds-could-dictate-stock-performance-2024-08-26/#:~:text=History%20shows%20that%20stocks%20tend,according%20to%20Evercore%20ISI%20strategists )
No I don't think fed hurts / helps any body , but the people react to what the fed does .
What would you think the driver is to sell assets when there's an event that specifically lowers the yield possible on cash based investment ? Move to bonds ? Did you see the link I posted ?
NVDL is a 2x leveraged ETF , every 1 % NVDA goes up NVDL would be up 2 % . Be prepared for double the losses should it lose ... suggested to only hold leveraged etfs for short term .
if it trades sideways you lose money
Leverage . People like to gamble
Interesting . I wasn ’ t aware of leverage decay . Thanks for the input . If you believe in NVDA Long term - It sounds like it ’ s still a bad idea to hold NVDL long term ? Is that correct ?
You enjoy 2 times the exposure for a fee , factored into the price of the ETF .
Leveraged ETF . Be emotionally prepared to lose double the amount ( or gain double ) as the underlying asset
Leveraged ETFs have some decay factor as well . I think options are a better way to go .
if you know NVDA is going to go up before the earnings date , theres no reason to NOT choose NVDL over NVDA
Now is probably a good time to buy NVDL . I would sell , take the profits , and buy NVDA until the next earnings .
2x lever and lower price per share .
Equities are very forgiving when you don't use leverage . Usually you can get a lot of your money back on a loser . With leverage , well ...
Plus you have to fee to the etf gestor
2X 🥰
You ’ re also only supposed to hold NVDL for a day and sell before closing I think , someone correct me if I ’ m wrong
Following
You should only hold the stock . But it offers leveraged gains in a bull run . I use it to capture more gains that I can roll into commons .
2X is just better . You could be holding NVDA for years but I could still have gotten that same percentage gain getting in half the time . Simple as that .
I wish I could invest in it , my brokersge only invest in 3NVD which did really great , but the volume is sooo low , so I'm scared that it wouldn't let me sell when I have to because there're really a few people there
If you want long term leverage you could get some deep ITM LEAPS .
Wish I could get some for earnings
You can sell NVDL . I have both . I sell NVDL . I sell NVDX I hold NVDA ( and take profits sometimes off the top )
I wouldn't get into NVDL right now . On a steep pull back when you expect it to climb , thats when . I got in at 40.81 when everyone lost their shit . I will sell it soon once it rebounds to that 130-135 price .
Please use google before you post here
NVDA has dropped 90 % at one time ( I know because I held ) so double that is 180 % . Are you on the hook for the extra 80 % if that happens again ?
Basically just like options . If it goes down or sideways you lose , if it goes up you get a levered win .
dont lose money until you sell for a loss .
One can argue holding a specific stock is gamble by itself .
Made $ 215k off NVDL in a couple weeks and aiming to do it again through earnings . Taxes are future me's problem . Fuck that guy .
in general , yes because ETFs are better for short term buying ( e . g . buying before earnings / bull run ) , while in general it ’ s better to hold NVDA long term due to market fluctuations and other factors . It ’ s important to remember that 2x gains also means 2x losses .
Yes still a bad idea . It ’ s an ETF to trade not hold
Pay $ 1 and lose $ 2 ?
They are if you know what you ’ re doing and how to properly manage options , which most people don ’ t . I find LETFs are a great tool for those that are not comfortable trading options . You can easily lose your entire investment by expiry if you are unsure , at least that doesn ’ t happen with LETFs .
Here I am , writing options on leveraged ETFs
This is the sort of right answer . NVDL will not replicate 2x earnings for longer than a single day .
[ deleted ]
2x is better if it just keeps going up !
DCA is the way for leveraged etfs
writing csp's on nvdl is akin to owning your own mint ( at the moment , at least )
wild take .
That ’ s not true . Or how math works .
Good entry for nvdl calls ? I ’ m in nvda 117 and 125s want some nvdl exposure besides shares ?
do it in a Roth ... can't access gains til later tho .
Hello , you sell off your shares and just buy dip then sell at peak ? Just wondering
Pay 1 and lose 10 % instead of 5 %
This is what I thought too . But then again , can you explain leverage decay when looking at QQQ vs TQQQ on a 10 year chart ? Leverage decay doesn ’ t seem very significant after viewing those two side by side .
Up to a certain point . Your DCA contributions won ’ t be enough to maintain your ratios . A good way is to average down such as holding cash and when the stock goes down 10 % , invest 20 % of your reserve , if it goes down 20 % , then 30 % of your reserve and then if it goes down 30 % , then 40 % of your reserve .
It can only work for so long 🤣
I only do shares tbh so can't say regarding options strategy . I'm guessing the price will dip one more time ahead of earnings , probably next Tues or so but the obvious move never happens so maybe a surprise dip EOW this week ? Hard to say .
Yup .. overshooting my desired income goal by my tax bracket basically . Protip : As long as you pay at least 90 % of what you paid last year for total taxes , there's no underpayment penalty !
[ deleted ]
correct . until the next downturn . which one can assume may be awhile a way with earnings around the corner and having just exited one .
I like the shares as well . Will keep an eye for it , thanks !
How much of your portfolio do you risk when you buy NVDL ?
Safe harbor , baby !
It's because 10 years of data is not a significant time frame in the grand scheme of investing . It only takes 1 bad recession like dot com event to destroy it all for leveraged etfs . Last 10 years have seen tremendous tech growth so of course a leverage etf has benefited . It's actually pretty easy to see 80 % drops in tqqq during this time frame despite qqq not dropping 40 % . Imagine if qqq were to decline 50 % though over a 5 year period .
I learned since making this comment that because I make over $ 150k , I have to pay 110 % of last year's tax liability . Still not as much as I'm going to owe this year thanks to papa Jensen , but still !
eh , ive found it very difficult to make 4 equal estimated payments due to the nature of income fluctuations , and despite having read something about a work around for such situations I am prepared to eat the penalty .
Earnings ! did you buy at the top or something ? It always ranges before earnings , THIS IS THE TIME TO BUY .
Around or after earnings . This is mostly noise . Trying to read the tea leaves without tangible events to tie expectations to is a foolish endeavor .
Yes .
Market still has some drawback to get through . Those trillions that were withdrawn from the market aren ’ t coming flooding back in for a while if at all . I suspect it wasn ’ t supposed to be in the market in the first place ( yen carry trade )
There is an opportunity for Aug 13 and 14 … I say this because on 13th the PPI numbers get released and on 14th CPI numbers … if the numbers are good … market maybe up those 2 days … it will inverse badly if they aren ’ t good
After enough time of accumulation there will be one final dip to scare everyone and then from then on it will rip and not look back .
$ 90-120 churn for a while
No one knows
Tsm bouncing is really a good indicator that nvidia will bounce too when / if they present good numbers
After 2 good earnings reports to justify the valuations
Until the sentiment that NVDA is oversold dissipates , it will run under its potential .
This is good , slow and steady . Gaps up create that psychological / technical flaw where people think it needs to fill the gap . If it needs to it ’ s accomplished that now , so slow and steady higher is what I ’ m looking for .
This happened before last earning too so
Potentially , maybe not , yes
After er
Been waiting for back to back green days . Long time no see
We have beat ( smashed ? ) our last four EC . No reason for the price to be where it is .
Meh , stock has been even or a lil down or up today . If that holds , I ’ ll take it as there wasn ’ t a big pullback since wed . We ’ ll start seeing a bounce or the mo going the closer we get to 8/ 28 .
I think it'll trade horizontally for a few years .
Probably earnings week or the week after . But it ’ s entirely possible we go nowhere until after the election .
It'll stop going side ways when its done accumulating and then go south more or begin anither up trend . Doubt most of us care when
Another red day 😤
Let ’ s see 120 Monday plz
I don't think you know what " oversold " means .
What is that fill the gap thing ? Happens a lot .
This guy is spot on . If you look at the chart you will see a downtrend of stock price up until roughly a month before earnings . The price then turns to a positive uptrend all the way through earnings . If you look at our recent movement , we ’ ve been downtrending and are about one month from earnings . We have just recently turned to an uptrend . Historically , it ’ s evident that we would slowly increase in share price until earnings and then gap up at or after earnings . This is solely based on previous movements and isn ’ t necessarily indicative of future movements . But it ’ s interesting ! Doing some calculations , the previous price movement ( downtrend length to uptrend length ) comparative to now while also taking the difference between total downtrend price movement versus uptrend price movement , you ’ re looking at a projected 45 point movement to the upside from our low on Aug 5th . Now the previous earnings price movement change was roughly a total of about 74 days . Carrying that over into our current earnings projections , a total of 74 days from peak would carry us to Sep 3 , a few days after earnings . So once again , using historical data , I ’ d say we would be looking at a price of about $ 136 on or about Sep 3rd . Kinda fun to play with this stuff lol
This correction is excellent to give breathing room for a new rally . The chart was looking super unhealthy when it's always bullish . Dips and corrections are always to be expected . this 30 % is exactly what Nvidia needed to reset and continue on to a new rally .
Um .. … er … There is at least one excellent — and , in fact , unassailable — reason for the price to be where it : the market of tens of thousands of investors making their own calculation of the worth of NVDA . The market is the overlord — and is all the reason you need and all the reason you ’ ll get .
Just be grateful it wasn ’ t down 6 %
Technical analysis folks , which I ’ m not , would say when there is a large gap up and it keeps going then that gap eventually needs to be filled . So last earnings it gapped up from like mid-high 900 ’ s to 1040ish ( all pre split ) then kept that lofty price . Based on technical analysis it needed to come back down and “ fill that gap ” to 94ish before it can make the next run . So we ’ ve accomplished that now , they should be satisfied . I say it ’ s psychological because really it ’ s us … . the actual stock itself couldn ’ t give 2 shits about a gap . And while I make light of it , there could be something to it , at least I was relieved when it pulled back and filled that gap otherwise it would have been a Damocles sword hanging over our head as we want to run up to earnings . Not financial advice but just my . 02 💎 🙌 🚀 🚀 🚀
In the gap there were no buyers or sellers at that price so that leaves little support or resistance once a gap i reached .
Nvda is a Long term investment — it ’ s a great company ! It ’ s going to buy me a beach house . If I wanna play around and take profits I buy the ETF ’ s or dick around and speculate gambling with daily earning reports 😂 🤡 🤡
The problem are the people that are buying puts and calls just because others do but still have no clue how they work so they come here on an almost daily basis asking us if they cooked or cooked
I am in this for the long haul . That is why I did not panic sell when so many did . Unless something changes with the company , I plan to keep this stock long enough to pass it off my kids .
People dont know how to zoom out and look at the 5yr lol
Well I think I ’ m getting a full time at Wendy ’ s 😂 😂 😂
Why people would do naked calls and puts is beyond me
Who cares about zooming out that far ... if the daily or weekly scares you ... do a monthly or yearly is better . 1 bad month . Normal
I'm eating noodles for the next two months
Might be done with this stock personally . Literally anything causes the stock to randomly tank . It ’ s like people are looking for a reason to sell . Earnings 122 % growth , still tank 7 % .
I'm not selling . Period .
SO many peple expected a huge move and tons of call and put contracts open , all getting burned
Everything is gated by supply , 🤷 Want to see bigger numbers but I guess we physically can't get to it faster . I still think it can be saved if he explains the blackwell situation and make the guidance look like a sandbag .
Permabulls , REMEMBER youre in it for the long haul ! 2 + + years like youre always saying . You just have suck this up and endure the pain
Blackwell will be shipping out billions of dollars by end of year and we are weeks away from those going on - from current call
All this sexy talk from Jensen about RACKS has me jacked to the tits !
259 terrabytes Per second in Blackwell rack . like 10x that of hopper
Paging Dr . Dieselcock . Dr . Dieselcock to the $ NVDA ER !
Earings fantastic . Down 5 % because Wallstreet makes as much sense as a drunk heroin addict
Why does the stock price go down even after a better than expected earring repor ?
I missed Reddit , Nvidia never misses
Anything on guidance ?
Waiting for the dip PM tomorrow filling rocket with fuel in the meantime
when it comes to growth and revenue and net income and profit margin , doesn't make sense to sell NVDA to buy anything else , every other stock is shittier , every other stock is a step down on several of the fundamentals
" these companies need it now " nvda call . HUGE demand for hopper because of race to next plateau . first one there gets to introduce a new level of AI . and then race to the next plateau . and demand for Blackwell is HUUUUUUGE
I'm jacked to the tits
Yes , when changes to a mask that improve yields are made before a product release , it is generally good for the overall company performance . Here ’ s why : # # # * * Benefits to Company Performance : * * 1 . * * Higher Profit Margins * * : Improved yields mean that more functional chips are produced from each wafer , reducing the cost per chip . This directly contributes to higher profit margins , which is favorable for the company's financial performance . 2 . * * Increased Supply * * : With higher yields , NVIDIA can produce more units of their GPUs , which is particularly important during high-demand periods , such as the launch of a new product . Meeting or exceeding market demand helps maximize revenue and market share . 3 . * * Better Product Quality * * : Yield improvements often correlate with higher product reliability and performance consistency . This can lead to fewer defects , returns , or warranty claims , which not only saves costs but also enhances the company ’ s reputation and customer satisfaction . 4 . * * Stronger Market Position * * : Successfully improving yields before release can give NVIDIA a competitive edge , allowing them to deliver more products at a lower cost or higher quality compared to competitors . This can reinforce their market leadership in sectors like gaming , AI , and data centers . 5 . * * Positive Investor Sentiment * * : If NVIDIA can demonstrate that they are efficiently managing production and improving yields before product release , it boosts investor confidence . This often leads to positive sentiment in the stock market , potentially driving up the stock price . 6 . * * Smooth Product Launch * * : Improved yields can help ensure that a product launch proceeds smoothly without supply shortages or quality issues . A successful launch strengthens brand reputation and supports continued sales momentum . # # # * * Conclusion : * * When NVIDIA makes yield-improving changes to a mask before a product release , it usually leads to better overall company performance . The company benefits from higher profit margins , increased supply , better product quality , and stronger market positioning — all of which are likely to have a positive impact on financial results and investor confidence .
Buy time
this is non sense , earlier the day , it's ANF , now NVDA . is this meme market afterall ?
Closes green tomorrow
Gonna be a lot of bag holders ngl
They wanted to see 33 billion
$ 117 after hour ?
[ deleted ]
Stupid question , but why are earnings called ‘ FY2025 2nd Q ’ and not 2024 ?
[ deleted ]
Blackwell is a step function leap above Hopper .
Holding nvdx but at least it's not options lol
I'm a bit confused of what's happening
Why is nvda down after a great earnings call ?
The Max Pain for NVDA options expiring on Aug 30 , 2024 ( 3 days ) ( w ) is $ 120.00 .
This does not read well for Rubin . A ) It confirms Blackwell delay B ) It confirms a re-engineering task C ) It is saying that Blackwell's production will continue deep into 2026 D ) It is saying low single digit Blackwell revenue can be expected in 4Q E ) It is saying Hopper will do a lot of the revenue lifting for longer F ) it basically confirms Rubin will be impacted . " We shipped customer samples of our Blackwell architecture in the second quarter . We executed a change to the Blackwell GPU mask to improve production yield . Blackwell production ramp is scheduled to begin in the fourth quarter and continue into fiscal 2026 . In the fourth quarter , we expect to ship several billion dollars in Blackwell revenue . Hopper demand is strong , and shipments are expected to increase in the second half of fiscal 2025 . "
Seems the limit is only + 4B / qtr
GUH
#manipulation
where are all people calling scamvidia to $ 140-170 at ?
Fucked by the Huang
[ ] ( https://sideeqmohammed.com/2020/06/15/but-what-does-ja-rule-think-corporate-personhood-and-performance/ )
Everything that rises will eventually sink , but not everything that sinks will rise again … . calm down , we ‘ ll see what ’ s gonna happen the next days
German market has it up to $ 120 / share
Premarket has opened and we are erasing some of those losses from after close last night . Who knows maybe we can go green today
What happened ! Smh ! I had bought some calls expecting good news ! And we have good news and stock is down ! 🥲
Do someone with experience can answer me , is market is always the « opposite » of what it look like going to be ?
First time hearing Jensen talk in an earnings call and got to say he is a very underwhelming speaker . Not a confident voice sounds much more like your average tech worker .
buy high sell low
Call me if you have any leftovers
Godspeed warrior ! 🫡 🙏🏻
I ’ m with you warnings up stock down need exit point
WHO would sell with losses anyways ?
Options traders getting rekt . All us longs adding more and more blocks into the weighing machine . Nvidia is the best company if this decade .
There ’ s nothing to save . If you ’ re a trader , you take your chances . Nvidia is a buy and hold company . You invest in the future . Nvidia is like Cyberdyne in the Terminator . Cutting edge leader in multiple spaces . The results today were fine with positive guidance . There ’ s lots of runway ahead .
What do you mean by look like a sandbag ? Why would sandbagging help the price ?
Not much he can do unfortunately . He did forecast a rise to 140 pretty so it will be sometime before that happens . I think the reality is if nvda had just a bit more meat on the numbers it might have happened . People were expecting a very lofty beat so a good technical beat simply wasn ’ t enough .
https://sam-weiss.com/daily-briefing-wednesday-aug-28-2024/
It ’ s mixed . Numbers beat was a bit underwhelming . And Blackwell is delayed . It ’ s prob going to stagnate at a lower level for most of the next 3 months before the next ER
I don't know about fantastic . Seems like a bit of a mixed bag , but the company , pipeline and roadmap still look strong overall .
😂 😂 😂 wallstreet makes the market very nonsense , this is the proof of that . No logic , just greed that's what i see . And when they are greedy , i buy ... Again 😆
The published “ consensus expected ” earnings are not really the expected numbers , the real expectations were higher and the stock price before the report was already reflecting the real higher expectations
Thats a normal market behavior . This is fact-based trading , it is all speculative even if they beat expectations .
The stock market is a forward-thinking mechanism . The market is telling us that the price was TOO high and it's coming back down to be more in line with the current outlook of the company . That's why . Stock prices go up when the stock price is undervalued to the current projections .
Asking myself the same shit
32.5 B next quarter in revenue
$ 32.5 B expected . Blackwell production ramp in Q4 . Expecting growth in Hopper demand . Margins will stay around 75 %
ANF was even more of a joke honestly . They're trying to hold it to the same standard as tech companies . Like fuck off .
I ’ m mostly at neutral atm . Still pisses me off tho .
Yep , the numbers are good but not good enough
What are you asking ?
Pretty normal market behavior . Pump when missed eps and dump when exceed eps . What is really matter is tomorrow when the market is open up .
🤨
https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Fiscal_year#United_States
Companies can set their fiscal year differently from the calendar year . Nvidia has set their fiscal year ahead .
Its fiscal year 2025 , the period that starts from July 1st 2024 to June 30th 2025 . Not your regular calendar year .
fy2025 means fiscal year 2025 . Fiscal calendars can be identical to the calendar year , or they can be up to less than 1 year ahead of the calendar year . Nvidia happens to use a fiscal calendar that is ~ 11 months ahead .
nvidia has a specific accounting calendar , just like any company can . they just chose it because they feel it best reflects their sales
It's an accounting and tax thing . Companies , first and foremost typically don't like to start their fiscal year on Jan 1 because of holidays and whatnot . Also , some industries align to a seasonal / cyclical schedule and it might make more sense to start a new year on March 1 . Beyond that , it's just an accounting thing .
Every company has a difference date marking the end of their fiscal year . For NVDA , a fiscal year ends at January and starts at February . So May 2024 and Aug 2024 are their Q1 and Q2 earning reports for fiscal year of 2025 . It's just a " by definition per company " thing .
Hi , where did you find the updated information about TTM EPS and PE ratio please ?
Same brother . And TQs as proxy . I ’ m hodling
Humanity's second name
Great earnings ? Where ? 30B in revenue simply isn ’ t good enough
Feel like you're missing that 2026 = 2025
Blackwell production delay was already confirmed , sampling and ramp up was stated its in line with timeline expectations regardless . There is no reengineering task because they're already sampling Blackwell , this has already been handled . Rubin Ultra and Rubin in general is not impacted at all by this , and in fact , is probably only going to be better because they now have another avenue to check when QAing the quality of the product . Nobody is saying low single digit at all for Blackwell in production , unless you're referring to this quarter , which we all already knew was the case , because they said that last quarter during the quarter announcement . Production yield is improved , its ( and Vera Rubin ) going to change the way AI factories operate , so we can only expect more sales in the future years because of the yield increase . Not sure how you compared any of this to Rubin lol .
So it means you hold longer . What else is new ?
Does it really affect demand or their moat much ? Also , I'm not understanding the connection to Rubin . It's possible that speedbumps in Blackwell production will carry over to Rubin * or * it's possible that solving those roadblocks for Blackwell will make the transition to Rubin easier ?
5 % is not Gun material .
Only a decline is manipulation ?
I'm here lol , could be eating crow , still waiting for the call .
200 next week ! Right …
“ Calm down people , it may never recover ”
With a P / E ratio as high as Nvidia's , there is little chance of predicting where the stock will go .
More so recently yes . If it's too obvious , it will most probably go in the other direction . Options calls or puts is a good reference .
He did the same last ER . Can ’ t be a billionaire without being an introvert nowadays .
Not right now mortal 🪦
Just for u I got the little left overs in the noodle bag come join
May the sun shine on us tm morning 🙌🏻
Yep just buy on dips and hold , ignore option gambling
How are options traders getting rekt ? You do understand that there are two sides to every contract , right ? Most skilled options traders are writing options before earnings , not buying them .
I have a feeling things will change tomorrow
Theta gang eating good
I want and expect revenue growth to reaccelerate . It's been going up by $ 4 billion every quarter for the entire year , but when Blackwell launches I expect it to break the $ 4 billion pattern . That hasn't happened yet ...
Maybe just a headfake to shake out the weekly calls before ending above 130 on Friday .
Down over 6.4 % because [ checks notes ] they completely blew earnings out of the water
Based on projected Blackwell sales numbers , it will be undervalued based on projections during Q4 based on the current price . In other words , if you project into December 2024 , the current price looks undervalued .
long run , nvda is a king
For whom ?
why is this going down and not up
Of course … I don ’ t know how I didn ’ t infer this right away …
To clarify further ( for thread OP ) FY2026 = CY2025 FY is Fiscal Year CY is Calendar year
What do you make of the gross margin hit ?
srsly is that poster drunk . like wtf are you saying
I think he ’ s talking to shorts .
Thought your avatar was a hair on my phone screen . Kept trying to flick it away only to watch it move with my screen . Tried it about 2 or 3 times before I realized it wasn ’ t a hair . Maybe I deserve to lose all my money .
Yup , sold some ccs last week . Thanks for the money !
a lot of options are expiring on Friday , give the current sentiment in AI i wouldn ’ t bet it .
Sometimes i think some big , big guys manipulate the market , this is not the first time i get this feeling .
Shareholders , what do you think ?
It slipped and fell on Jensen's ejac . It will rise again soon .
Yea . Why ?
I'm thinking about starting an LLC , my fiscal year will be 2046 .
its not a surprise - theyve been saying since 1Q25 gross margins are expected to be mid 70s
You ’ re right . Not realistic but eventually probably after Labour Day next week
I've been in the market since I was a teenager in the late 1990s . Sometimes things happen that leave me scratching my head . This is one of them
Big investors you mean
A few reasons , I think . Wall street expectations kept rising throughout the quarter . Even though NVDA beat earnings and had a strong report , the beat wasn't as much as some analysts were expecting , and there were a few small weaknesses in terms of margins / yields . Also , the amount of open interest on call options expecting a bump after earnings was huge . Again , lots of expectation of upside , lots of retail traders expecting to get rich over night . Lastly , the stock market in general is frothy and there is some lingering fear about recessions , not to mention geopolitical instability , etc . All of these things taken together can lead to selloff , which is what we've seen . But it's really not that big of a deal if you zoom out a bit . Similar drops have happened with other companies beating earnings recently , notably AMZN earlier this month . Strong earnings with a little bit of concern regarding consumer spending sent the stock down a lot during earnings .
Eventually it will have bounce days but honestly given the current feel of AI in the Market and how NVDA just delivered a ‘ disappintment ’ the trend would be downwards at least until a major catalyst develops via news or next ER . I can see the stock going down to the 90s again before rising to 120 in time for the next ER . market is all about sentiment and i think nvda Is now past the initial honeymoon stage and people are much more critically looking at the investment ’ s roi and future trajectory . The time where generative ai was just being mentioned and everyone was in its initial awe is long gone .
big guys are always looking to make a buck . Personally as a retail i thought the report is a bit underwhelming as well . A beat was virtually assured from all suppliers but rev i thought would have been like 31-32 B and blackwell is confirmed delayed and having an effect . So given its stock price it was bound to disappoint .
omg ! Thank you for explaining it .
Yea , the job market sucking , the middle East being idiots , unemployment gaining , and delayed interest cuts ( too long ) really puts a damper on this situation . Hence why I bought my calls out to October lol . Same thing last week , too many 130 calls . They held that down to the wire like pros lol
6:00 - “ The big companies are telling me they need $ 10 Billion , $ 20 Billion , $ 50 Billion … $ 100 BILLION ” 7:55 - “ If $ 300 BILLION is all going to go to Nvidia , you know what to do in the stock market ” . 🚀
The video isn't banned . Eric wanted it taken down from Stanford's site because he said some negative things about Google's work culture that weren't true . No big deal . The video is available elsewhere .
This video can still be found on YouTube
I normally never comment but thanks for this . Recommend it be played at . 75 speed for easier listening .
That ’ s lit
So sell at open ? Wait for it to hit $ 150 and buy then ?
Would love a link to the full unedited video , not these influencer commentaries . It's over an hour long .
Here is the full vid : [ https://x.com/quasa0/status/1823933017217482883 ] ( https://x.com/quasa0/status/1823933017217482883 ) Great interview , actually .
While it's important to listen to what the influential billionaires think , what they think is also pretty horrifying here and there IMO .
Ah yes , the flaw is actually an improvement 😂 😂 😂 well yea now you gotta fix the flaw , thus improving the damn thing 🤦‍♂ ️
it may bottom out in the mid $ 90 ' s but that's a wild guess at this point . Support may not let it dip below $ 100 . Report on earnings coming soon , so your window of opportunity is closing fast .
You could buy some now & then buy more if the price drops
Buy any chance you get . When it ’ s $ 250 or $ 500 in x number of years you won ’ t care about $ 10 - $ 15 differences now . Only seems to matter in the moment . If you believe in the company buy it - especially when it ’ s cheap
One of the biggest mistakes of traders is trying to time the market . You do you though .
Its impossible to nail the exact bottom man . Ive been trading for 20 + years . If you like the stock , and you see upside in the stock , its best to just buy it . Yea , it could drop $ 10 more ... But then again , it could shoot up to $ 130 by Friday and you are sitting on the sidelines . If you are confident in the stock , just buy it . Buy it every month . Check back in a year or 2 .
Do both by Dollar cost averaging . I bought some when it hit 120 . Bought more around 114 . Bought more when it hit 105 , 107 , etc . This is your best bet .
Prob wait till end of Monday to see the trend . Nobody knows how market will react to yesterday's delayed chip news for now , Since it seems Nvidia did respond to some extent .
If anyone knew they'd be a billionaire
I went in big before the split so I am underwater , but I ’ m planning on holding for 5 + years or more . So I think I ’ ll be OK . Perhaps I should even buy some shares down at this price .
100.01 was the bottom , when that happend it quickly bounced up . On monday if it even goes down to 105 , Im buying more .
Buying now or later won ’ t do anything , expect volatility for a long time .
I'm doing both . As far as I'm concerned , in five years I will have wished I bought when it was only $ 200 a share
I have the same issue . That's why I focus on the total number of shares owned and then buy on red days . Is you spread your risk through dollar cost averaging , you get to share in the upside . So buy some , but hold back some cash in case it goes up . My thesis is that it will hit $ 170 by December 31st . So anything below $ 120 is an opportunity . Mind you my average cost is $ 16 .
US also just sent ships to Middle East and may send troops . Biden will look to make a strong statement against Iran prior to election . There are forces way beyond earnings or the anti-trust suit that have control of the market right now . Rate cuts were too delayed and now we are on the brink of a recession . And for all the “ bad hedgie boys make stock go down HODL ” people , no , hedge funds have nothing to do with it . Position 30x June 2025 $ 125 call 10x $ 120 January 2025 call Sold 40x $ 150 call Aug 23 ( exiting prior to earnings )
the jobs report and the recession talk is getting the market SPOOKED . NVDA will progressively drop until earnings but in the long run you will be OK buying it now . Im on the side lines but Monday WILL be wild AF
Buy now . And if it goes down , buy some more . However , if it goes up instead , buy more .
I will just say this AI is the future so think about that and make your own conclusions good luck .
My gut tells me $ 106 is a good price to get in , scooped up 20 shares yesterday
Watch premarket Monday morning . Lately , the price has behaved like a yoyo .. I've seen dips to 101 and swing 4 dollars to 105 in the space of three minutes .. Peeps are right about not trying to time the market .. 107 is not an awful starting point before earnings at the end of the month . But see if your first limit order fills .. I bet it does .. Are you able to trade premarket or after hours ?
It ’ s confusing because there is a gap at 95 that needs to be filled signaling a further drop but the chart is showing double bottom which is bullish .
İts a trillion dollar question
Don't rely on hope , do you think the value is fair ? If so buy every chance you can . Nvidia is overpriced on just business metrics , but based on how important they are to economic growth , I think the value is fair .
When I buy a stock I'm looking at cash generated beyond a 2 year time frame as a minimum . Usually 5 years . Once my other buying criteria are met ( all fundamentals ) , I will start to build a position . The price moves day to day don't matter to me . It's noise . There is always noise . It's usually day traders in their own zero sum game looking at lines on a chart . I've no interest in any of this . YTD my portfolio is up exactly 100 % with some margin added in . It had a lot more gains prior to the selling of course , buy hey ho .
Recently bought at 132 , 122 … avg cost is $ 5 … holding it for years
So this girl who " suddenly chose to quit " one of the most respected newspapers in the world , the Boston Globe , to work for a blog , writes an article supporting by comments from " two unknown people " and it literally is being reposted all over by reputable news organizations . I had this awesome idea . Her email for tips is right in her article . I'm thinking a few folks email her with inside info that the story is in fact true , and that the design flaw is specifically within the " frenulum module " of the chip . Bet you money that she publishes that before looking up what a frenulum is , especially with identical emails from multiple " sources , " and is made a total fool of . Doesn't that sound like a fun fantasy ?
lol ! Wait until Oct ! Everything is over priced right now . WAY over priced .
Buy a little then overtime just average out
You ’ re too late . Bet it all on 23 black .
Based on technicals , it ’ s going down . A FOMO trade never really ends well .
Buy half now buy half later ?
Buy now and wait until the price drops more . You got this bro !
Dropping more I ’ m sure but wouldn ’ t be surprised to see another big spike for a day
Read some trust me bro say it ’ ll go to $ 500 and $ 107 is a good buy , then looking at the vwap at 28-70 ... But I ’ m not a financial advisor Where ’ s the money at ask oneself ? But I ’ m only speaking educationally and I know nothing .
Buy now and buy more when it goes to 50
Market makers make money filling orders there are massive orders sitting at 95 to 100 . They will grab that liquidity . Im waiting fir that window
Buy what you can afford to risk . Some investments are riskier but provide greater rewards . What ’ s your lifestyle like ? Do you need cash in the short term ? - which is an investment risk in itself ..
I'll wait until the first 15 minutes of premarket to decide whether to buy calls or puts at market open . Everything else is just worthless speculation , do not ever trust reddit comments to invest your money . Even futes could be a good indicator
You're supposed to buy THE dip . Not try to predict the lowest point in the dip because no one can do that .
My lowest buy order ( with all I have left ) was set at $ 98 but with the news of the blackwell chips being delayed at lest untill 2025 , I think it will drop more .
Yes
Buy now lol
I ’ m waiting for the sell off to bottom and sticking to a target price of 92 !
Too much volatility . New investors should not FOMO into buying . If not goes up it will come down . If it goes down , you ’ ll be glad you didn ’ t buy . In the long term it will go up . Wait a little for volatility to go down . A lot of things happening end of year , the election , legal battles , investors looking for profitability of AI , and supply chain sustainability . The best case scenario is for NVDA to drop to $ 80 , so we can have enough confidence that the stock has reached bottom and can only go up .
You can buy now if you think they will exceed thier earning . I'm just Going to buy puts till the election
The drop next week is going to be brutal , I would say hold and buy when its lower .
Want some ? Order some . How many you want ? Set limit orders for prices going down to possibly under $ 100 . Of they don't get filled , don't fear you're missing out . If they do feel , be happy you didn't blow your load at 105 just to see you could have got a better price .
Everyone is now saying recession so
Buy a little every day . Gotta love a report everyone is talking about based on two anonymous sources with NVDA refuting and yet everyone is acting like its gospel . If you ’ ve ever played poker you would know that the level of negative pressure intensity wise is inversely proportional to the amount of BS . They want everyone to see nothing but bad so they can dive in and then suddenly a week from now , great news and pumping again !
You will get biased answers here . Some NVDA bulls think it will be a 25 trillion company or some shit in a few years . Sept and Oct are usually red months so I would expect it to dip more 🤷
When Berkshire sells and builds a huge cash position , it is usually a good idea to take note . I think August is going to continue being rocky with a lot of money sitting out on the sidelines which will increase volatility . As we get closer to the end of month and thus closer to earnings for NVDA , may be a better time to step back in . In the meantime , I think we will see some spikes up and down for NVDA and some of the other tech stocks .
Words like " support " , " top " , " bottom " just don't mean anything to me . I'm just accumulating as many shares as I can so I can count them At retirement in a few years . When a company is making money like this , minor price variations and even corrections of 50 percent or more just don't mean much to me .
Soon is the end of the month ? Great earnings and great guidance won ’ t hold the price up . It ’ ll pop and drop .
That high ? I set a buy limit at $ 60 . What are the odds by year end ?
excellent idea
This is the way . Just dont spend everything at once and always keep some on the sidelines in case the stock drops further .
Agree
Not exactly true . Depending on how much money you have to spend , the lower the price the more shares you can buy . Ya ’ ll didn ’ t believe me when I said it was going to $ 100 . I was off by . 01 . Hopium does not make money . FOMO does not make money .
I have to agree here .. it's important to just get skin in the game . So , test the waters with a smallish buy , then wait to see what happens over 3 or 4 days . Move quickly to take advantage of dips . Temper your ideas of what the stock * might * do . Instead , observe and take note of exact performance daily .. at this point , you're watching the stock oscillate daily , putting you in the position to make more informed choices . Check emotion and mental masturbation at the door .. therein lies the path to distraction and ruin .. * bon chance ! ! *
If your ling term investor me i dont want to hold fir long periods of inactivity . I want my money working .
I can time NVDA , but that's only because I watch the charts from 4am to 8p m . I'm not normal . It's a little thing I like calling TIFOS . Time In Front Of Screen .
You can look at charts and see this is going down . Why buy high ? ?
this is the way
oh it is ? what about when its $ 68 ?
It may not react at all , since this is all based on insider leaks and no actual statements from Nvidia . Another source claims this was identified and dealt with as far back as February
Berkshire A ?
I'm impressed you didn't sell , I sold all at 140 , waiting for a pull back to 70 , buy back in and double my monies again .
How are you u see water if you bought before the split ? You would still have the same amount of money just more shares ? ? ?
covered calls ?
No I ’ m not . What time does pre market activity usually start on Monday ?
My dad has done shit like this with NY Times reporters . They ’ re remarkably stupid people
Mine is lower right now 🤣
kindly elaborate onto why ? trump / delayed chip news / flate interest rates / great but not that great earnings / great rotation ? ? ? as someone else mentioned , biggest mistake is trying to time the market .
I certainly hope so . I've been holding on to cash for the September / October doldrums .
Pretty good odds . 20 bucks more reasonable
You ’ re right . You ’ re weighing the risk of missing out on purchasing additional shares IF it decreases further with the risk that you miss out on the # of shares you can buy at todays price . Given the long term outlook , I will always lean away from waiting for a lower price and buy on any drops possible
Yah this guys are bull ball lickers . Nvidia can dump over 50 % over night . One thing I believe though is they the next bubble Nvidia will also be involved Example : console wars , crypto , self driving care , and today ai
Tomorrow we don ’ t know , today we know . Manage risk appropriately and there is as much risk in missing out on gains as there is being too risk tolerant . Thread your needle
How is that working for you ? I've been doing that as well and my portfolio has grown since I started .
The chart only shows the past .
It could literally jump 10 % Monday .
Because 10 years from now it's just pennies
Then you buy more lol , what ’ s your point ?
I think these people will all be crying . Their tears will create more flooding . The flooding will create more landslides . Deserts will turn to oceans . I ’ m gonna need a bigger boat ! ! Puts only 😆
Yea , and it's probably already priced in . Who knows , the movement on Monday will give us the answer .
Where's the source that says this was identified and dealt with as far back as February ? That link I haven't seen , but would appreciate .
It will respond and it will be bad .
Well , I hope it ’ s not a fool and his money is soon parted . Purchased it too soon . Should ’ ve added more when it was down which I did and one account . Hopefully in 2 to 5 years , I will be above water if not sooner . If not nothing I can do except cry , but investing is about patience . It ’ s worked OK for me in the past .
Price per share is down significantly . Bought too early , but I ’ m OK .
Poor man covered calls
2-1 / 2 hours before open bell every trading day .. Aftermarket runs 4 hours past close bell .. No worries , tho .. that whole yoyo thing carries over to intraday trading , too ..
Ha ! Did you fill ?
Market is unreasonable and panicking now . Every bad news is magnified . Looming recession , Warren Buffet Apple sell-off , and the delay is going to add to that . Nvidia earnings are going to be insane ( positive ) but will only create a spike imo . I'm hoping NVIDIA can try 125 because im selling at that point . I dont think we have seen the real low yet . The real low is at 60 dollars imo and I think we'll hit sub 90 before ER .
I ’ m willing to take that risk .
I think the ytd low after adjusting for the split was about 47.5 . If interest rates don ’ t get cut , I can see another 2022 crash .
Threaded , sir ! Awaiting developments .. anything north of $ 100 is a golden goose egg for me ..
Up 40 % overall this year .
It shows the future too . Just got to look at the right time frames to see the pattern .
May God hear you
“ 2 unidentified sources ”
Looks like I misremembered the problem from February - it was supply constraint problems https://www.tomshardware.com/pc-components/gpus/nvidia-expects-next-gen-blackwell-gpus-to-be-supply-constrained
Oh I forgot the did the split at 1200 $ .
I got 50 shares at $ 92 , then another 100 shares at $ 98 cuz I FOMO ’ d as price jumped $ 6 / share 🤷🏻‍♂ ️ 🤷🏻‍♂ ️
That ’ s pretty close to my target price . I don ’ t think people even look at charts in here . Called it going to 100 . Downvoted like crazy . Hit 100.01 . I ’ ll be selling what I have during the earnings pop ! The weekly and monthly charts look brutal !
I ’ m not , with the appropriate amount of funds of course . All of this is managing risk , gains , and your personal investment preferences and ultimate goals
Tell me where you can see this . I wanna know .
People here appear to hate technical analisys .
No , let me buy more and more before hand
It won ’ t lol
Yeah , that's fine , these sources aren't going to come out and say who they are . I'm just asking where there's an article stating this is an old issue that's been resolved . I'd guess that'd be for the last issue , the one they experienced in Oct . It's ALWAYS so hard to sift through this shit ... though this one seems like it's a legitimate issue for NVDA ( much as it was last year ) . Not gonna impact Q2 , but could really hurt Q3 and forward guidance . The earnings call is going to matter as much as the actual numbers from this Quarter . Still think they come in at 30-31 B and their forward guidance doesn't shoot up to 35-36 as originally anticipated . Could also hurt the margins . But , we'll see . I'd just like to see the article .
LOL ... yeah , that's ... less a problem and more a reason why they grew to 3.5 T market cap ! But they're still on their ... general trajectory . There'll be an overreaction ( most likely , maybe not ) and then this thing will grow again . I'm afraid to say where I think it'll go as I've been so bullish on here and really didn't see anything stopping NVDA with all the CapEx coming from these other companies , but ... it's GOING to recover and it's still going to be the dominant GPU . Margins and timing may change a bit . 200 may end up being end of fiscal ' 26 instead of fiscal ' 25 . This Quarter's earnings will be unimpacted and it'll be Q3 / Q4 that are hit . But ... as I said , Fiscal Year ' 26 , we'll be back on that trajectory if it does take 3 months . If it takes 3 weeks ... we might avoid all of this .
Nice !
There ’ s a lot of support in the high 60s . If we have a major sell off , that ’ s where I ’ d go .
True , but are you happy buying for $ 20 + more than where we are ? ?
You can easily find the high and low ( adjusted by the split ) . Most apps even tell you both numbers . Maybe I don ’ t understand your question . Tomorrow it looks as if it ’ ll trade inside Friday ’ s range if that helps .
Hopefully the market will recover because that alone can add 20-30 points to NVDA stock
The sell off has started and not over .
I think we're in for a little bit of a rough ride here , but we'll come out of it just fine in the long run . Though ... companies like AMZN , TSM ... I don't know how much mor they can drop . They're getting cheap again , so maybe it will bounce back .
I know , I ’ m agreeing . I ’ m saying there is a large pool of liquidity around ~ 68 dollars and that ’ s where I would look to see very strong support .
Got ya ! Don ’ t have my charts open but I remember it ’ s under 70 . You could very well be right .
Hopefully not too late , there are already a ton of robotics startups and none of them are using osmo .
that is not the futur .
Literally all major robotics companies and startups are using nvidia hw and sw , except Tesla .
Yeah but not osmo , which would be the moat . An analogy would be all AI companies are using nvidia hw and software , but nvidia missed out on securing the moat for the next layer which would be something like pytorch . Without control over pytorch it easily extends to competitors and makes the cuda moat a lot weaker . osmo would be the pytorch in this scenario , it's here but it's very late arrival on the scene .
Rationally ? Whats that ?
No doubt in my mind they'll figure it out . Quickly .
NVDA to 150-160 🚀 🚀
I ’ ve been riding this bronco a lot lately . To start , don ’ t be an idiot . Don ’ t trade emotionally and only do options that look like unique opportunities . Make a strategy and please , for the love of god , follow your rules . This is a game of probability , and if you follow your rules you are more likely to come out on top More often then not ( assuming they are good rules ) . I approach it like this : Depending on the situation , I either aim for 25-30 % profit , or 50 % profit . Once I reach that , I do one of two things , depending on how volatile . 1 . glue my eyes to the charts and sell the moment it begins to go down in any capacity ( meaning you get to harness a bit more forward momentum with little risk ) , or 2 . Set a stop loss at that objective you ’ ve reached ( 25 or 50 % , whatever it is ) and watch it rise . This way , you can allow for some more volatility without bailing . The point in either scenario is that , once you reach your target , you are prioritizing getting out of there with that profit above all else . If it dips below your goal once you ’ ve already hit it , do NOT convince yourself it ’ s going to go back . Just sell amigo . Sell .
Alot to unpack here . Why change symbols . I think you should've done calls and covered on 1x leverage . 1 put on 3x leverage . Nvdy is dividends so I guess lower IV but same theta
Are you hoping for positive or negative . Your covered calls will print on positive earnings
You are buying something you don ’ t know about …
if you have to ask these questions you should not be playing options . * * it is gambling * * . please stick to index funds ...
When ? ?
Really think so ? idk why it went sideways today
Awesome , thank you so much for the thoughtful response . I definitely already experienced a bit of what you mentioned . I was trading emotionally at first ( up 10 , down 30 , back now lol ) , I was even up $ 30k shorting CRWD and didn ’ t sell because I thought it would go down a third day like a fool . Thanks again , all the best !
Only trying out different symbols out of curiosity ( I mean I only put $ 30 in NVDX lol ) . I started out with cash covered puts hoping to get the shares at a lower price potentially ( planning on holding long term eventually but enjoying learning about options now ) . After this I ’ ll most likely do what you recommended and get as many shares as possible and stick with calls .
This is just my side money , 401k is nice and secure . But you ’ re absolutely correct how easy it is to lose a ton !
Really ? Cause NVDA has become the centre point of the entire market Thursday morning you ’ ll see SPY , NASDAQ , QQQ be up or down by 5-15 % respectively lol
Of course my guy . I ’ m curious to hear about other people ’ s approaches as well , particularly regarding stop losses .
Thx for this I ’ m adding them to my list
This thing better reach 200 🧍🏻‍♂ ️
Anything above 27B is a hit , slight 2 % up . Anything above 28 is 10 % up . Above 30B we enter uncharted teritory . A 20 % increase in revenue might start a frenzy for a week and then dump
Expecting rinse and repeat Q . source : [ https://www.reuters.com/technology/nvidia-q2-sales-likely-double-even-slight-miss-may-hurt-shares-2024-08-26/ ] ( https://www.reuters.com/technology/nvidia-q2-sales-likely-double-even-slight-miss-may-hurt-shares-2024-08-26/ )
Still bullish on the SP500 which is tech heavy with the big 7 , but it's a weighted index . Cautiously look at the equal weight SP500 etf as a balanced approach should the ER not go as planned . Everyone walking on egg shells on this one . If it merely meets sky high expectations , it's probably going to correct until the next ER .
remember that 200 is $ 2000 pre-split . Going from $ 1260 to $ 2000 sounds too crazy for me .
Amen
I think between $ 30MM and $ 32MM .
why dump ? im new to investing , i just bought 50 nvda shares for $ 98 each . Should I sell after the earnings and reinvest all the money ( including profit ) in NVDA after the dump ?
I meant $ 200 by the end of the year but we can only hope
A man and women have faith ✋🏻
Because people want to make money . And i mean the market makers . They will dump after a 20 % increase , have nvda fall 15 % and when october anual correction comes they will buy again at discount and repeat the process in december . This way they make 80-100 % / year the ones that are good , others are Cathie Woods 🤣
NFA : it doesn ’ t hurt too much to take some money off the table if you make a profit , but if you “ invested ” and sold in fewer than 365 days , that profit will be taxed as income . Capital Gains taxes are a great way to turn that 20-30 % profit ( assuming the underlying stock price hits and exceeds $ 130 ) into 15-22 % .
Calculate NVDA market cap if 200 and you have your answer on how plausible it is . 5T market cap means it ’ s worth the same as Amazon , meta and google combined . I can see 150 but 200 is pretty crazy
are you going to do the same ?
I ’ m from Poland and we don ’ t pay any taxes when selling stocks .
With like 15 % . Rest i keep in stocks . I don't have the skills to time it right . Plus , i can't do what they do because i either sell to soon or too late . So my profit is about 5-10 % / quarter for the ammount i am risking .
You mean Meta ? Cuz they said the same line
This was from Msoft call yesterday
Ah ok missed that . Meta said the same thing which is bullish for us :)
Let ’ s see if Amzn gets the memo
Their P / E ratio is very much in line with their 10 year average and relative to other high tech , even though the upside is much greater . Fundamentals are incredibly strong and there's no data suggesting anything but upside . Recession fears have largely been quelled , and we'll see more jobs data coming that hopefully reaffirms that . The big drop to 90 was partly fear-driven and stars aligning just right . Institutional investors held and bought while retail sold to smart money . It's a long hold and far from bearish . But it's not free from macro influences and anything that grows this fast will be volatile until it's not . Just hold through the volatility , but the dips , don't put all your eggs in one basket , and stay away from options if you enjoy a good night's sleep .
i consult both the ALL MIGHTY and Nostradamus . if they disagree , i pull out my Magic 8 Ball .
Buy low sell high
In the current market environment , technical analysis appears less effective when applied to stocks like Nvidia ( NVDA ) , which are heavily traded by a diverse mix of retail and institutional investors . NVDA ’ s price movements are increasingly driven by sentiment , media narratives , and the broader socio-political landscape rather than by traditional technical indicators . This stock behaves unpredictably , almost like a teenager reacting emotionally to the latest news or rumors , making it a prime target for sentiment-driven manipulation . One of the clearest examples of this is the recent drop in NVDA ’ s stock price following a Bloomberg article that raised concerns about potential shifts in U . S . policy towards Taiwan , coinciding with the stellar earnings report from one of NVDA ’ s major suppliers in Taiwan . The timing of this article , published in August 2024 but referring to comments made by former President Trump back in June , appears strategically aimed at influencing market sentiment just as NVDA ’ s performance should have been buoyed by strong fundamentals . Additionally , the market has been rife with rumors , such as those regarding Blackwell ’ s influence on the stock , potential changes in Japanese loans , and even speculation that Warren Buffett might be reducing his stake in Apple . These rumors , amplified by media coverage , contribute to a climate of uncertainty and fear , driving NVDA ’ s stock lower even in the face of positive earnings . Further exacerbating this situation were reports from Politico in July 2024 , suggesting that NVDA might face a Department of Justice investigation over its AI chip market dominance . This news further dampened investor confidence , leading to a notable drop in the stock price . Intriguingly , during this period of heightened negative sentiment , Nancy Pelosi made a significant investment in NVDA , purchasing 10,000 shares — an act that has raised eyebrows given her history of well-timed trades that often coincide with sensitive political developments . To add to this , last Friday saw an unusually high number of NVDA options contracts expiring , with the stock ’ s price being held tightly between $ 117 and $ 123 , despite strong earnings . The fact that these contracts expired just below key strike prices raises serious concerns about potential manipulation aimed at maximizing profits for certain market participants . Given these observations , it seems imperative for regulatory bodies to investigate the forces at play behind NVDA ’ s recent price movements . The coordinated timing of media reports , coupled with strategic trading by high-profile investors , suggests that NVDA ’ s stock may be more susceptible to manipulation than previously thought . Investors should approach NVDA with caution , recognizing that its price may not always reflect its underlying value due to these external influences .
Just three weeks ago , it hit $ 90 . So , it ’ s not indestructible .
Meaningless .
The market sentiment is anti-tech and especially anti-AI for no reason . Just hold on . It will rebound . People are dumb and will fall in love again in a quarter or two .
Nvda at 90 would be a 40 PE similar to amazon . They grew earnings 3 vs 15 % They are not in the same growth category . Apple went from 90 to 85b and it's at all time high . Microsoft 62 to 65b . Nvidia grows 3x as fast as the trilion club big boys . So if they are 40 ish PE Nvidia makes sense to be above 50 kind of where it is today 55
No . Stop treating it as such . NVDA is still a company . If it closes below 50 day moving average , boom . BEAR . Time to buy the fucking DIP !
I ’ m wondering if i should lock in some profits and rebuy on a dip . Strong feeling it will fall to 105 at least in September at some point .
Sunspots are down too .
Are you a short term trader or a long term investor ? That difference matters a lot . For short term trader its highly volatile and possibly going down quite a bit . Keep the position size small and only risk money you can lose or are willing to leave in the position for a long time . For long term investors its really just a matter of do you dca or are you investing as much as often as you can ? I think Tom Nash has a decent approach to this issue . He regularly tells people if they believe in a stock and have a regular dca perhaps increase it slightly when the stock dips below a certain threshold . When it goes back above the threshold go back to your regular dca amounts . That makes sense to me . Personally I think NVDA is a great company , but the market price for the shares is super volatile so entering and exiting the position for a profit in the short term can be tough . I have a tiny recurring daily investment going into the position . I have a small number of shares and a large debit spread position for later this year and another for late in 2025 . I expect the stock can easily drop a lot or it could take off on a day when no one expects it too . That is kind of how its happened in the past . Remember before the split how it ran down into the 700s from the 900s and then back up . It went sideways , up and down over a decent range for awhile and then suddenly popped over . During that entire time there were people expecting it to pop up any day now and they were buying calls based upon that assumption . I think a lot of them got burned . The folks who sold during those plunges also got burned because it turned around and ran right back up and then some . So with that in mind I think people who are buying rapidly at any point need to realize they can get burned if their goal is to sell within the next few months . If you cant stomach the volatility of this stock you probably shouldn't invest large amounts into it . In my case I expect that the money Ive put into the position wont come back out for years .
What happened to all the rocket emojis ?
You know what the truth to be but you refuse to believe it because you are a bagholder
Yeah not holding . Multiple FED rate cut coming and that usually crashes the market .
No options there is no moon , bro
I ’ m always looking for the competitor that disrupts their GPU hold . I ’ m not aware of anything super scary . I believe the NIM would provide add ’ l vendor lock in .
Lol your last sentence too accurate
Rinse and repeat till it conforms to your bias . It's the only way to be sure
We have the same financial advisor ! PS - I find casting runestones to be more nuanced and better for the daily / weekly moves .
Or bye bye for your calls
* The coordinated timing of media reports , coupled with strategic trading by high-profile investors * As a previous marketing guy who specialized in driving growth I thought the same . A volatile name seems ripe for crafty folks to make buckets of money on both the buy and sell side ... so for me , it's just a ' does this pass the sniff test ' moment , and for me it does not . That being said ... I am not entirely sure how the machine works so it could all be ' normal ' however I think the market with algos , hedges , options ... has gotten complex enough to obfuscate bad actors .
That ’ s why it ’ s fun to trade
The pullback to 90 has nothing to with NVDA . Its due to the Sahm rule trigger ( recession fear ) and Japanese Yen carry trade dragging the entire martket down , not just AI stocks .
Very near than that
It's a 42PE right now . How would it be 40 if it dropped 25 % ?
Yep . everyone will see this cross as a bearish move . It ’ s a significant technical indicator . It doesn ’ t tell us how long it will go down , but it ’ s quite obvious there is downward pressure .
if you feel strongly , why dont you do it ? no one is stopping you
Mine are up
Rate cut is not an indicative of a recession .
It has nothing to do with NVDA , sure . But , it ’ s about the STOCK MARKET . There are many factors to price action . Be open to everything so you ’ re prepared for anything .
I swear … if you believe in NVDA for the LONG TERM , these moments of DIPS should be a freaking BLESSING ! Think as an Investor and not as an employee . I ’ m buying up $ 10,000 worth when / if NVDA hits below $ 110 .
Market dips usually after cut . You said recession not me . 😅
Mann everything green expect NVDA wth 🧎🏻‍♂ ️
Patient my lil grasshopper , stay Zen 🧘
I think next week or so it will hit 140
Yup I noticed that . Even SMCI is green , and that stock has been getting hammered .
I think the people will make a buy soon because the Blackwell is on the way . Noone wants missing the bus .
They fr waiting for calls that would be in profit to expire in 0
Oh I know , I was saying that yesterday
How do calls effect stock prices ? Everything I read says they don't .
The calls themselves don ’ t . The big money players who sold the calls have the ability to control price to an extent .
Have about 17k worth at around $ 65 . I lost a lot from that early August dip and sold holdings in NVDX and then it went up a week or two later . What I am getting at is to hold and resist the urge to sell . At least for the next few weeks . Also remember , you are not alone in this ! I can join you at your local McDonald's for the $ 5 meal deal .
Delete your trading apps for a month and come back to it later . It ’ ll grow . If you have cash average down in the coming days
It's bad idea to buy for a short term play around earnings . You have a few options depending on your goal . If you just want to exit without a loss , sell covered calls around your cost basis till exercised . For example , you can sell a weekly or monthly covered call at 68 strike or slightly lower if all you want is exit at break even . Let's say the premium is 2 dollars per stock . If exercised , you exited without loss . If expires , then now your cost basis is 66 ( 68 minus 2 dollar premium ) . Keep doing it till you exit position . If you are interested in holding the stock , then do your due diligence and make a decision ( you can still sell covered calls even if you decide to keep , just raise your strike price ) . There's a lot to like for a long term investor in the earnings report . Huang also mentioned in his Bloomberg interview that hyperscalers account for about 45 % of data center revenue and 55 % is now coming from other sources . Sovereign AI business is growing and poised to deliver double digit billions in revenue . But only you can decide whether to stay long term or exit and adjust your strategy accordingly .
Lost around 40k today . But it will go back . As long as it comes back more than the decay . That's the price you pay .
Just hold until Nov and wait . It'll break even eventually . I would sell 3/4 at break even . Keep a few shares . Consider it a lesson on don't make one big bet . Don't double down .
I ’ m at $ 61 . Hang tight . You ’ ll be fine . Lessons were learned today . We got greedy . I ’ m stuck fuckedddddd fucked in NVDX like $ 50,900 at $ 23 . 🤣
Pick up a hobby and come back to it later . It will come back up and you ’ re not alone .
Don't worry , it always goes back up .
You ’ re screwed if you sell now . If you hold long term , you ’ re likely OK .
I have almost 100k + in NVDL at $ 66 per share I am confident that most of the damage will recover by THIS friday . Then eventually things will be somewhat back to normal . But when it comes to Wallstreet ... What the hell is normal ?
Even after earnings , still plenty saying $ 150 by the end of the year provided the market remains strong . A bit of a waiting game though , if you can hold it out .
Hold . It ’ ll all be good in the end I ’ m sure . The company is ridiculously strong . I have a ton of NVDX and don ’ t plan on selling for a long while .
I bought $ 15K of 3NVD . So fucked
I ’ m in a similar situation . I actually was afraid of this happening , so I thought I ’ d just buy in Monday , make a nice small profit during the week and sell Wednesday before end of day . I bought at the opening on Monday at 70.31 , and wow I really wish I waited an hour instead so I could ’ ve avoiding buying . But here I am living with my decision and wow it sucks . It ’ ll probably dip more again tomorrow . That ’ s also gonna really suck . I ’ d recommend not opening your trading app tomorrow . But hopefully Friday it will bounce back . Not enough to wipe out the losses , but enough to ease the pain a little bit . I feel like I ’ ve seen that happen a bunch after stocks dip after earning . Especially since the NVIDIA earnings weren ’ t bad , they just didn ’ t live up to expectations . It could be a lot worse . Obviously , we still need to see how tomorrow goes , but some stocks end the day at - 15 % after bad earnings . That would be - 30 % for a 2x LETF , but we got lucky and NVDL dropped by “ only ” 14 % It ’ s definitely anxiety-inducing the longer NVDL is held , especially if it ’ s trading sideways . But if you sell now , you ’ ll probably regret it once it starts going back up . Fingers crossed it goes back up soon
I ’ m right there with you brother , over 50k in NVDL with half of it borrowed . Thinking of my exit strategy from here . Do I hold and wait for recovery or do I sell first thing in the morning ? What are you doing ? Does any other person have some suggestions ? I ’ d be grateful to hear them
You can invest 50k but have to ask Reddit for advice ?
You're going into September rate cut month , also the seasonally lowest performing month of the year . Be prepared to hold for a rally exiting the year .
Planning to hold mine until end of year
[ removed ]
I prefer NVDY .
Bought $ 40k NVDX two weeks ago and now I guess I am holding for a while . At least football is back so wont think about it as much .
Gamble gamble No gamble no future
Il averaged in at 53 and holding .
I also have about 300K on NVD 3 . Either I'm going to go just and working at Macdonalds or rich
I'm down - $ 80k now 🙄
me 2 , lets share a burger three way
Hang tight . Pb & j for a few days ain ’ t bad . Nvda always bounces back . September is going to be a hell month . So get out what you can when you can
If i hold nvdl is there some sort of penalty ? I keep hearing with leveraged etfs that it is really bad to hold .
Fax , time heals most wounds
Cup noodle time
Is there a penalty for doing that with nvdl ?
Margin ? Yikes
Hold . Margin isn ’ t the worst , it ’ s interest and fuck it . So what . Hold . It bounces back . Breath . It ’ s gonna be alright !
What ’ s your avg ?
Yea lol can generate dinero but new to managing it
Was Lowkey hoping to pull out before September but then wall street said " nah you're staying " Now I need to play that green day song on repeat ...
As long as the underlying stock doesn ’ t track sideways for an extended period of time you ’ re fine . I personally think the stock will bounce back and then some over the coming two months so I ’ m hanging on . But then again I only have a tiny bit of NVDL compared to what you have
It ’ s fine man . I know how people talk about leveraged tickers they make it seem like your investment is gonna evaporate overnight . It ’ s not the case at all . A 2x leverage on 6 % ish weekly volatility stock isn ’ t going to break things , ideally it stays within a range and then climbs back up , but you have to be able to ride it out and be patient . It ’ s a quality company if it wasn ’ t I wouldn ’ t tell you the same thing My core position is NVDA but I wanted to boost a bit without holding up too much cash so loaded some NVDL at $ 67 . Just hold it ’ ll come back up and you ’ ll make profit even That said , mandatory not financial advice disclaimer
NVDX is the one that ’ s the bad to hold Long it resets
NVDX is the one that ’ s unfortunate to hold Long . it resets
If nvda goes down 50 % , nvdl goes to zero . That should put things in perspective .
I ain ’ t worried about it . I ’ m more concerned I didn ’ t get ranch with my fries right now .
Also a good Green Day song 🤪
It depends . If Nvidia keeps trading sideways or continues dropping then by some reason it skyrockets to say $ 150 - $ 200 EOY then you'll still make a profit , but probably not as much if you were to straight up invest in Nvidia directly . This is due to decay and how leverage ETFs work
A penalty ? Yea it is risky to hold leveraged etfs for too long as you get hammered on the downside , so you need to weigh it up . You put 50k in so surely you know the risks ?
Yes
Man , I needed this
66.65
My point is if you have that much money you are able to invest then take a sliver of it and consult a professional not Reddit . We are a collective group of idiots
American idiot ? 🤣 HOLD ON ! You ’ re STUCK WITH ME says NVDA 🤓
I appreciate your reply . Feeling a lot better seeing that the sky has not fallen . Gonna wait it out
hay r u me
Good thing i didnt know nvdx existed lol . Chasing a quick buck could have been an even bigger disaster
Could be worse , you could be that guy who YOLO'd with his tuition money .
If I jumped in this far I might as well take it like a man
We gotcha ! We are all in the same boat , and when we support each other through this we can float a lot of boats ! Trust the process . This is a process , this is a long business . Millionaires aren ’ t made overnight , but they can be lost in seconds .
Let the dust settle for a week and then see . You can ’ t make good decisions based on afterhours trading anyway . I ’ d probably cut any losses associated with the leveraged half though . But then again I ’ m a pussy
Honestly you arent wrong lol good advice
No lol . Wake me up when September ends
Trust NVDA you are alright ! You ’ ll be fine before Thanksgiving .
🫡
Hahaha legit it ’ s kinda scary . Nvda isn ’ t printing money like the good old days ( and ol ’ days I mean like 6 months ago 🤣 )
O m g I forgot about him . He will be fine too but that ’ s plain greed
Dang youre right i just put a chunk from savings
That ’ s what I ’ m thinking , although money is big , my life and my health and my family ’ s health makes this a minor inconvenience in the long run . I wouldn ’ t have done that with money that I needed . I can afford to pay a little interest on the margin , I just hope it rebounds . It ’ s going to be a very scary couple of months that will test me to the core
... huh ? LOL ... they literally just had a 30B Quarter which is 4B more than they'd ever generated before .
This is no biggie . Margin interest isn ’ t even real money . You ’ re gonna be just fine , it always comes back , NVDA is a win . September is a crappy stock month but we are alright !
Hot Chips is a semiconductor industry annual conference where companies present their latest technologies and products . Nvidia gave a presentation on the Blackwell platform . There's no new news here , but it's a good overview of all the pieces working together . Final words from SERVE THE HOME article : " What is somewhat interesting is that we are sitting in a conference where there are a lot of AI accelerators . At the same time , NVIDIA is not just building clusters , but it is also optimizing everything , including the interconnects , switch chips , and even the deployment models . * * A challenge AI startups have is that NVIDIA is not just making today ’ s chips , switches , NICs , and more . Instead , it is doing frontier research so that its next-generation products meet the needs of future models at a cluster level . That is a big difference . " * *
* From NVDA's 10Q * * * Capital Return to Shareholders * * During the first quarter of fiscal year 2025 , we repurchased 9.9 million shares of our common stock for $ 8.0 billion . As of April 28 , 2024 , we were authorized , subject to certain specifications , to repurchase up to $ 14.5 billion of additional shares of our common stock . Our share repurchase program aims to offset dilution from shares issued to employees . We may pursue additional share repurchases as we weigh market factors and other investment opportunities . We plan to continue share repurchases this fiscal year . From April 29 , 2024 through May 24 , 2024 , we repurchased 2.3 million shares for $ 2.1 billion pursuant to a Rule 10b5 - 1 trading plan .
Buy back meant they have nothing to show . Nvdia consume fuck ton of money to push cut edge technologies to the market .
Please fact check before posting - this should be investing 101 .
They have been buying back stock .
Stock repurchasing plan
for Nvida I think further stock price growth might be more driven by a buyback plan than just pure cap growth . the dividend is so minuscule that I ’ d ’ rather not have it .
I bought $ 8000 worth of shares in 2008 . I have so far earned just over $ 3000 in dividends . I think around $ 60 per quarter . Haven't even got half my investment back . They really should just end it .
what's the operating margins , chief ?
People in this group
This is why AI is the future
It was just at 108 …
Gonna be a long night …
Pelosi Pump !
Stocks Pull-Back a bit as Expected
NVDA Still Going to $ 150 By January !
When NVDA hits 10 Trillion Market Cap
She did it again
Holy I can ’ t with some of you .
Please , calm down . This has been the case for the last 5 quarters .
NVDA Sell-off Coming ( Short-Lived )
The NASDAQ - 100 & Nvidia Earnings
I literally have only money in NVIDIA .
I own over 2.5 M dollars of NVDA shares . AMA .
Will Nvidia hit $ 200 in 2025 ?
Market Rally Has Only Just Begun
Hell yeah brother !
Rant from an actual shareholder
Thank you guys
PSA For Newcomers
Now that all the 8/ 30 options have expired worthless
Bringing the belt back out
NVDA beats everything , why is it going down ?
Jensen is joining Bloomberg for an interview tomorrow post earnings . Now why would a CEO do that ?
Bloomberg let's NVIDIA Bears spew nonsense for over 20 minutes and Jensen's first response about NO BLACKWELL DELAY IS THIS ...
Who ’ s has a lower Nvidia average
We are so back
Is it safe to say our $ 130 call options is toast ?
For the real ones
BofA names Nvidia top ' rebound ' stock in 2024 chip comeback
Just bought some NVidia …
NVDA GPU shipments expected to rise 50 % while also increasing ASP . Stock is trading at ~ 40x next years earnings while growing well over 50 % !
Load Up ! ! !
Nvidia statement on Blackwell
This is why you hold through the ups and downs .
PSA : A company being great and doing well does not protect the stock from dropping massively . NVDA can fall 50 % + for NO REASON . You need to be prepared for that .
Just wanna thank everyone who panicked and sold a month back
Just pin this post and stop asking the same questions over and over again
Chill , it'll be over 130 soon
Relax .
Any money you need quickly should not be in the stock market at all . When the market drops , stay calm and do nothing .
Why Nvidia is undervalued
We holding
NVDA to $ 235 and AMD to $ 280
Blessed to have invested 3 years ago , @long NVDA
Thanks dieselcock
I bought the dip
NVDA HUGE Technical Breakout Today - No Longer Bound To Nasdaq Movement
Oh no …
This Is Your Chance
The expectations for NVDA have changed ...
Just bought 5000 shares
NVDA Price Targets Up Across The Board
Ex-Google CEO Eric Schmidt sees Nvidia as big AI winner : ' You know what to do in the stock market '
A lot of confusion , and incorrect analysis .
Guys I ’ m struggling
Don't laugh , but I think it might actually go up today
$ NVDA just crushed Q2 with a record $ 30B in revenue — a jaw-dropping 122 % YoY increase !
Be an investor , not a trader
Nvidia ’ s big day is here : Wall Street expects more eye-watering earnings
I can't wait for August 28 ... ! ! !
Morgan Stanley research note out at 5 pm today
NVDA update
NVIDIA DD
Prepare To Exit Your Shorts - For Real This Time
Why is Nvidia so volatile today ?
Boom boom baby
Goldman has a Bull # 2 target of 236 now
Me right now
Crisis over
No better feeling than opening up Trading View and seeing this
I happen to believe that NVDA should be priced at 263 , please critique my guesstimate methodology . 😇 / / Each earning report changes my parameters of course .
Nvidia and These Chip Stocks Could Rebound as Seasonal Headwinds Ease , BofA Says
Nvidia's Q2 FY25 Earnings Visualized
Data Center AI Chip Roadmap
How to avoid losing money on NVDA with stocks and options
Nvidia's $ 50 Billion Stock Buyback Is a Good Sign
Bank of America : Nvidia is a Table-Pounding Buy
They canceled my shares after I already owned them !
Login in after buying the dip .
TO THE MOON BABY ! ! 🚀 🚀
Nvidia stock price target upgraded by analysts
How did we all do today with our NVDA gamble ?
TSMC Reports July 2024 Revenue : NT $ 256.95 Billion , Marking Significant Year-Over-Year Growth
Anyone else buy at 125 ?
Billionaire Paul Singer trying to explain missing out on NVDA
Do I still buy at 125 $
AMZN CFO Doubles Down on AI Saying It is Now a MultiBillion Dollar Business and will Raise CapEx to Build Out Data Centers
Jobless claims less than expected ( 233k vs 240k )
Thank you META : new forecast calls for $ 37 billion to $ 40 billion in capital spending .
Earnings reports related to NVDA ...
Nvidia Stock : Blackwell Suppliers Shrug Off Delay Ahead Of Q2 Earnings
Still down $ 110K in one of my accounts , but I still sleep 😴 like a baby . . .
Unbelievable Earnings , Unreal Reactions !
Sold all my NVDA shares for NVDL
What are the real risks of NVDA ?
Monday .
This week
First thing I'm buying after Jensen hangs up the call
Nvidia earnings . . . we believe will be another drop the mic moment for tech 🔥 - - Dan Ives
Andrew Ng says he is 100 % confident that AI is not hitting a wall and there are new advances that are just about to break because capabilities exceed what has been deployed so far
Copium - Nvidia Stock Could Pop To Record If Q2 Earnings Report Is Boffo
Barron's has a much more level headed report to the Nvidia " Rumor " - The Microsoft Employee Should Be Fired - You Can't Delay The Already Delayed
Premarket doesn't look so bad
You lose on NVDL in the long run
Is This The Break We Are Looking For ?
NVDA forward PEG based on projections from Morgan Stanley
NVDA Update
The Movie Scene from Logan ( Wolverine ) That Got Me Into Nvidia in 2017
Leaked Documents Show Nvidia Scraping ‘ A Human Lifetime ’ of Videos Per Day to Train AI
What ’ s your price prediction after earnings ?
NVDA Again Breaks Away From the Pack : Clear Bullish Rotation Heading Into the Print - He's in Control . There's No Stopping Him Now
This is the best chip sub hands down
THIS IS NOT A MEME STOCK - Period
Wall Street sucks ! ! !
140 before earnings
No matter if we dip tmr and on Friday , hold through earnings .
NVDA : It ’ s that time of the year ! ! !
What's your plan before / after earnings ?
Endorsements like this are going to keep the NVDA flywheel spinning .
Nvidia ’ s August earnings report unlikely to have any ‘ major issue ’ : Research firm
Hang in There
Opinion : Recent NVDA dip caused by investor ’ s lack of sector understanding
NVDA is a growth stock
NVDA millionaire ’ s
Can Nvidia ’ s bull market continue ? By : Timothy Arcuri
NVIDIA trading halted at TR . Can they just do that ? What does it mean ?
Jensen runs nvidia correctly despite all the naysayers
NVDA News
Enjoying the Ride ?
I'm bullish on NVDA , but I got some feeling that the ER > might < be already ( mostly ) priced in .
NVDA next 3 months discussion
Classic WMwMwwmWmmWmwwWm pattern
Let ’ s do it !
AMD is actually up over 1 %
Anyone notice Nvidia dipping $ 35 dollars on and off after hours ? Issue with my brokerage view ?
Am I the only one that smells some sort of political BS with the constant flow of Nvidia hit pieces in the media over the last month ?
NVDA Humanoid
Japan stocks rebound over 10 % after historic losses ; other Asia markets also recover
AI Related News : Palantir Beats Earnings , Raises Guidance
What do you think the price will be after the earnings report ?
Holding the stock long term
Foxconn ' on track ' to ship latest Nvidia AI servers next quarter
The price is already recovering and Fed emergency cuts are almost certain
NVIDIA to Present Innovations at Hot Chips That Boost Data Center Performance and Energy Efficiency
Big Tech AI investment is going right to Nvidia : Chart of the Week
Nvidia product delay to not impact 2025 earnings , says Goldman Sachs
Grateful for this support group .
Nvidia updatews Corporate Overview https://s201.q4cdn.com/141608511/files/doc_presentations/2024/August/Q2-NVDA-Company-Overview.pdf
Mark Zuckerberg said at Q2 earnings call : “ The amount of computing needed to train Llama 4 will likely be almost 10 times more than what we used to train Llama 3 and it will be the most advanced [ model ] in the industry next year . "
NVDA revenue in relation to Amazon , Msft , Google & Meta capex
NVDA really felt like the wild west at one time
Why the rumored delay of NVIDIA's Blackwell GPUs is unlikely to be a deal killer .
I'm so sad : stop loss was triggered after hours , then jumped 10.5 %
So if you jumped into the markets ..
Nvidia Expected to Outperform Q2 , Perform Well in Q3 on Server , Data Center Demand , Wedbush Says
The Wyckoff Method and Wall Street Pushing You Out
The H̵e̵r̵o̵'̵s̵ Noob's Journey
So if I understand this right ... SMCI is tanking after hours due to disappointing earnings and revenues and this could negatively affect NVDA correct ?
Nvidia earnings are out
When did you buy NVDA ?
Thoughts on upcoming earnings .
I wouldn ’ t be surprised by EOD stock is up .
Nvidia's Blackwell doesn't seem like there's a delay when they're installing it . Bet - Jensen says there is so many H200 orders to fill there isn't room on TSM's die cast to handle Blackwell yet
Nvidia ( NVDA ): Analysts Expect 140 % Earnings Growth in Q2 - TipRanks.com
Nvidia Results , Outlook Poised for Upside Amid ' Sustained ' AI Demand , Oppenheimer Says
Still great earnings .
Bloomberg Technology Live Special Coverage w / Jensen Huang
Nvidia tech powers China ’ s AI growth overseas as Alibaba boosts investment by $ 7 billion
MediaTek ARM PC processor , rumored to be co-developed with Nvidia , will reportedly launch in H1 2025
NVDA : This " Bubble " Is Stuffed With Money
Are NVIDIA's AI chips still " so good that even when the competitor ’ s chips are free , it ’ s not cheap enough " , as Jensen Huang said in March ?
Most Analysts seem to have a positive rating still on NVDA .
Lord Diesielcock where are you ?
Legendary Hedge Fund Coatue Buys Nvidia Stock - Ups Stake Nearly 10x
NVDA price after earnings expectations below
AMD to acquire server builder ZT Systems for $ 4.9 billion in cash and stock
Hodl is the default strategy
NVDA # 1
The gap at $ 95
Why Nvidia Keeps Ripping Higher Into the Print - Jackson Hole and Timing the Top
Nvidia Stock Gains . What TSMC ’ s Sales Mean for the Chip Maker .
QQQ , NVDA and Japanese yen moving in tandem
NVDA ER : Clues are on the Titans ’ capex
My NVDA Story .
Invest $ 20k lump sum or DCA ?
Here We Go ... 60 Minutes . What are your price projections for after Earnings ? ?
Price Prediction ( Next 5 years ) - Week of Aug 26th
Break 130 before earnings ?
Boss gifted me 20 shares .
I joined this subreddit for information .
What is NVDA doing with all the Cash they are making ?
Half of you people today
India Unveils Its First AI Chip
Why Every Big Tech Company Has Failed to Dethrone Nvidia as King of AI
Nvidia Leak — Opinions ?
Jim Cramer throws out the ultimate bear signal right before earnings - Here's why the stock can drop this earnings and why this is not the top by a long shot .
Why wait until Aug 28th ?
Chip stocks will regain momentum over AI demand : Analyst
Nvidia Rally Mints Millionaires Too Busy to Bask in New Wealth
CPI Slows Below 3 % for First Time Since March 2021
95 $ aftermarket ! ! BUY ! ! !
Data Center Revenue Skyrockets from $ 4.2 B to $ 22.6 B in One Year
Blood bath still ensues with Blackwell Chip delayed until Q1 2025
Who tf started selling again ? If you are in this sub , you are banished 😀
Nvidia Blackwell at Hot Chips 2024
Hype , Hope , or Happy Cake ?
Is Mark Cuban right about the future ?
Early nvidia holders
What's your most painful experience in the stock market ?
✅ Daily Chat Thread and Discussion ✅
Fed's Powell says ' time has come ' to begin cutting interest rates
Nvidia wants to help California train its residents on advanced AI
IF there is a Dip Before Earnings ... What is your BUY more Price ? ?
Is it too late to buy nvidia stock ?
Billionaire Eric Schmidt Triggered a Controversy . But First He Weighed In on Nvidia and AI . - - Barrons.com
Sour grapes guy .
Can someone explain to me in the simplest terms what is going on ?
Nvidia Q2 2024 Earnings Call Notes - NO DELAY of Blackwell
NVIDIA Blackwell Platform Sets New LLM Inference Records in MLPerf Inference v4 . 1
Pro Tip for new / nervous investors psychologically trying to weather downturns :
NVDA to join Dow Jones , Part 2
Blackwell is not delayed - And it will surprise the hell out of the market next quarter - Here's what people don't understand - Here is the reality of Q3
MU Micron is moving along with NVDA
The Fight for AI Data Center Growth
Just got paid out 30k sign on bonus , dumb to buy using all ?
What are your predictions for NVDA running up to earnings and following earnings ?
NVDA Volatility History
When will NVidia actually buy back the stocks ?
Why are investors not impressed with NVDA right now even after crushing their earnings predictions ?
Meta earnings looking good
More reasons why we were at or near the bottom
Retail squeezed out . Now to the moon ?
Why NVDL instead of NVDA ? Please explain
When do you think we ’ ll have two up days in a row and not be range bound ?
“ In the short run , the market is a voting machine but in the long run , it is a weighing machine . ” - Benjamin Graham
NVIDIA 2nd Quarter FY25 Financial Results
In case you missed the Banned Video
Nvidia Design Flaw is Actually an Improvement and Will Cause 2 Weeks of Delay and Will Catch-up in Q4
Buy now or wait and hope price drops more ?
NVIDIA Accelerates Humanoid Robotics Development
Encouraging results on blackwell
Can ’ t wait to see how bad I mess this up
Nvidia's rising earnings create a falling FPE ( and regular expectation resets )
Microsoft saves the day
Nvda closed below 50 day moving average
They Say :D on ’ t catch a falling knife . Me : 🤌🏽 🤣
Bought nvdl this morning
Nvidia partner says it can cut data center energy use by 50 % as AI boom strains power grid
Blackwell slide deck at Hot Chips 2024 Conference
NVDA already as a dividen ( tiny ) but they don't have a buyback plan ... yet
